PART ONE


"I see...," said the vampire, and slowly he walked across the room to the window. For a long time, he stood there, looking out at Divisadero Street.

The boy could see the room more clearly now: a round table, some chairs, a mirror. He put his briefcase on the table and waited.

"How much tape do you have, young man?" asked the vampire, turning to the boy. "Is there enough for the story of a life?"

"Yes, if it's a good life. Sometimes I interview three or four people a night, if I'm lucky. But it should be a good story."

"It's a good story," the vampire said. "I would like to tell you the story of my life. I would really like to do that."

"Great," said the boy. Quickly, he took out a small tape recorder from his briefcase and checked the batteries. "I really want to hear why you believe this, why you..."

"No," said the vampire. "We can't begin like that. Is your equipment ready?"

"Yes," said the boy.

"Then sit down. I'll turn on the light."

"But I thought that vampires didn't like light," said the boy. Then he stopped. The vampire was watching him. The boy couldn't see his face now, only the dark figure. He wanted to say something again, but he said nothing. And then the vampire walked to the table and turned on the light. The boy was shocked.



"Dear God!" he whispered, looking at the vampire. The vampire was all white, like a marble statue, but his eyes were bright and green.



The vampire smiled sadly and asked, "Do you see?"

The boy's eyes moved slowly over the fine black coat he'd seen in the bar, the black silk lie, and the white shirt that was as white as the vampire's body. He stared at the vampire's black hair.

"Now, do you still want the interview?" the vampire asked.

The boy's mouth was open. He nodded and said, "Yes."

The vampire sat down opposite him and said gently, "Don't be afraid. Just start the tape recorder. Believe me, I won't hurt you. I want this chance. It's more important to me than you can understand now."

The boy was nervous, but he pressed the button and started the interview.

"You weren't always a vampire, were you?" he began. "No," answered the vampire. "I was twenty-five when I became a vampire, and the year was 1791."

The boy was shocked by the date, and then he asked, "How did it happen?"

"There's a simple answer to that question, and I don't want to give simple answers," said the vampire. "I want to tell the real story... I've only told this story to one other person. And that was so long ago."

"Yes, of course," the boy said quickly.

"We were living in Louisiana then. We'd had two plantations on the Mississippi River near New Orleans'..."

"Oh, that's the accent," the boy said.

For a moment, the vampire looked at him. "I have an accent?" he asked and began to laugh.

"I noticed it in the bar when I met you," explained the boy.

"It's all right," the vampire said. "I forget about it from time to time. But let me go on..."

"Please," said the boy.

"I was talking about the plantations. Our life there was luxurious and simple, but we loved it," the vampire smiled. "Yes, we all loved it. All, except my brother Paul. I don't think that he ever complained, but I knew how he felt. My father was dead then, and I was head of the family, and I had to protect him from my mother and sister. They wanted to take him to New Orleans for parties, but he hated these things. He loved prayers and books about saints. Finally, I built him a little oratory where he spent most of the days. It was strange, really. He was so different from us, so different from everyone, and I was so ordinary! There was nothing special about me."

The vampire smiled again.

"Sometimes in the evening I went out to him and told him about my troubles, the difficulties I had with the slaves, or the weather... all the problems we had. He listened, making only some comments. But when I left him, I had the feeling that he had solved everything for me. I thought that I would do anything to help him become a priest when the time came. Of course, I was wrong."

The vampire stopped. For a moment, the boy only looked at him as if he could not find the right words. "Didn't he want to be a priest?" he finally asked.



The vampire studied the young man for a while. Then he said, "I meant that I was wrong about myself, about my helping him... He began to see visions."



"Real visions?" the boy asked.

"I didn't think so," the vampire answered. "It happened when he was fifteen. He was very handsome then, and his large blue eyes... were like an ocean. When he began to see visions, he stopped eating his meals. He lived in the oratory. At any time, I could find him there, standing before the altar. He stopped taking care of the candles or the altar cloths or the fallen leaves in the oratory. One night I stood watching him for one hour, during which he didn't move from his place. All the slaves thought that he was mad. Then he told me about the visions. Both St. Dominic and the Virgin Mary had come to see him in the oratory. They had told him to sell all our property in Louisiana, everything we had, and use the money to do God's work. My brother was going to be a great religious leader. Of course, he didn't have his own money, so he wanted me to sell the plantations and our houses in New Orleans, and give the money to him."

Again, the vampire stopped.



"And," the boy whispered. "Did you sell the plantations?"

"No," said the vampire. "I laughed at him. And he... he became mad at me. Then one evening he came to my room to talk to me. He said that his ideas came from the Virgin Mary herself. Who was I to say no? But the more he insisted, the more I laughed. It was nonsense, I told him, the product of his imagination. The oratory was a mistake, I said to him. He should go to school in New Orleans and get it all out of his head. I don't remember all that I said. But I remember feeling angry and disappointed. I didn't believe him at all."



"But that's understandable," said the boy quickly. "I mean, almost no one believes in such things."

"Is that so?" The vampire looked at the boy. "I loved my brother, as I told you, and sometimes I believed that he was a real saint who would soon become a priest. And if someone told me of a saint who saw visions, I would believe it. I was a Catholic; I believed in saints. I went to churches; I knew their pictures, their symbols, their names. But I couldn't believe my brother! Why? Because he was my brother. Do you see?" The boy thought about it before he answered and then he said yes.

"Maybe he really saw the visions," said the vampire. "I know that he believed in them. But as soon as he left my room, he was dead."

"How?" the boy asked.

"He stood for a moment at the top of the brick stairs, and then he fell. He was dead when I found him at the bottom; his neck was broken."

"Did you see how he fell?" asked the boy.

"No, but two of the servants saw it. They said that he had looked up as if he had seen something in the air. Then his body moved forward. I could not forgive myself. I was responsible for his death," the vampire said. "And everyone else thought so, too."

"But how could they?"



"They simply knew that something had happened between us that evening. That we had a fight before the fall. The servants had heard us, my mother had heard us. My mother was asking me what had happened and why my brother, who was always so quiet, had been shouting. Of course, I didn't say anything. I was so shocked, and I didn't want them to know about his 'visions'. The police asked me questions, and the priest came to see me. I didn't say anything to them. They all looked at me as if I had killed him. And I felt that I had killed him. I sat in the parlor beside his coffin for two days thinking, I have killed him. I had laughed at him. I had not believed him. I had not been kind to him. He had fallen because of me."



"This really happened, didn't it?" the boy whispered. "You're telling me something that is true."

"Yes," said the vampire, looking at him without surprise. "I want to continue."

"Yes, please, please do."

"Well, I wanted to sell the plantations. I never wanted to see the house or the oratory again. I moved my mother and sister to one of our houses in New Orleans. Of course, I couldn't forget about my brother. I thought about him all the time. Then the slaves on my plantation saw his ghost on the stairs and panicked. People asked my sister different questions about the incident, and she became hysterical. I drank all the time and seldom was at home. I lived like a man who wanted to die but who couldn't do it himself. I walked alone at nights and really wanted to be killed. And then I was attacked by a vampire. He caught me one night and left me to die, or so I thought."

"You mean... he sucked your blood?" the boy asked.

"Yes," the vampire laughed. "He sucked my blood. That is how it's done."

"But you lived," said the young man.



"Well, I was almost dead, which was good enough for him. When I was found, I was confused and not understanding what had happened to me. I thought that I had a stroke. I wanted to die and had no interest in eating, or drinking, or talking to the doctor. My mother sent for the priest, and I told him everything about my brother's visions and what I had done. 'I know I didn't kill him,' I said to the priest finally. 'But I cannot live now that he's dead.'

'Of course you can live,' he answered me. 'There's nothing wrong with you, Louis. Your mother and your sister need you.' The devil made the visions of my brother, he explained. The devil was sly. The devil threw him down the stairs. Well, this made me mad. And I went wild, almost killing the priest."



"But your strength... the vampire...?" asked the boy.

"I was out of my mind," the vampire explained. "I did things I could not have done in perfect health."

"But what happened to you then?" asked the boy.

The vampire laughed. "Well, the vampire came back that night. You see, he wanted my plantation, Pointe du Lac."

"It was very late, after my sister, who was watching me, had fallen asleep. I can remember it as if it was yesterday. He came in from the yard, opening the doors without a sound, a tall man with blond hair. My tired sister didn't wake up until the next morning. But then I had already changed."

"What was this change?" asked the boy.

The vampire sighed.

"At first I thought that he was another doctor. But when he stepped closer to my bed, I saw his face in the lamplight and understood that he was not an ordinary man at all. His gray eyes burned with fire, and his long white hands were not of a human being. The moment I saw him, all my sadness and wish to die were gone. When he talked to me about his life and about what I might become, I saw my real gods... the gods of most people: food, drink, and calmness."



The boy was confused and amazed. "And so you decided to become a vampire?" he asked.



The vampire was quiet for a moment. "Decided? It is not the right word. It was not inevitable, but I can't say that I decided. It seemed to me that no other decision was possible for me then. That morning, when I was not yet a vampire, I saw my last sunrise."

The vampire was looking out the window again.

"After that I lay in my bed, thinking about all the things the vampire had told me, and then I said good-bye to the sunrise and went out to become a vampire."

"Do you miss the sunrises?" the boy asked.

"Not really," said the vampire. "There are so many other things. But you want to know how it happened, how I became a vampire, am I right?"

"Yes," said the boy. "How did you change?"



"I can't tell you exactly," said the vampire. "I can tell you about it with words. But I can't tell you exactly. As I told you, this vampire, Lestat, wanted the plantation - a simple reason for giving me a life, which will last until the end of the world. He had human problems: a blind father who did not know that his son was a vampire. Living in New Orleans had become too difficult for him, and he wanted a plantation. So he, his father and I went to the plantation the next evening. I continued changing step by step, and the first step was the death of the overseer. Lestat took his life in his sleep. I watched it as a part of my change. The overseer did not die at once. We stood in his bedroom for almost an hour, watching him die. I was almost sick from this, but Lestat was laughing, telling me that as a vampire I would laugh at it, too. He was wrong about that. I never laugh at death. On the way home I began saying, 'I want to die. This is unbearable. Now I am a killer. I can't live. Kill me. Let me go and die.' But Lestat only laughed at me."



"But could he really let you go?" asked the boy.

"I don't know. Knowing Lestat now, I think that he would have killed me. But this was what I wanted and not he, you see. It didn't matter. No, this was what I thought I wanted. So that night we went back to my plantation. The house had been empty for months now. Suddenly, when we were standing on the stairs, he grabbed me. Scared, I fought to free myself from him. 'I thought that you wanted to die,' Lestat said. 'Listen to me, Louis. Now I am going to suck your blood to the end, to death, and I want you to be quiet. Be quiet. Your will must keep you alive.' Then, I felt his teeth on my neck."

The boy's eyes were growing bigger.

"Have you ever lost a lot of blood?" asked the vampire. "Do you know the feeling?"

"No," the boy said.

"Candles burned in the upstairs room. 'Listen, keep your eyes open,' Lestat whispered to me. I remember that the sound of his voice raised the hairs all over my body. He bit me. In a couple of minutes, I was weak and paralyzed. I was waiting helplessly. I could not even speak, but I felt pain, and I felt Lestat's teeth. Then he bit his own wrist. His blood dripped onto my shirt and coat. He put his bleeding wrist to my mouth and said, 'Louis, drink.' And I did. Then something happened."

The vampire frowned.

The boy sat, frozen.



"I saw nothing as I sucked his blood. And then I heard a sound. It was like a drum, getting louder and louder. And then there was another drum. The sounds got louder and louder until suddenly Lestat pulled his wrist away from my mouth. I opened my eyes and realized that the first drum was my heart, and the second drum was his. I grabbed his wrist and pulled it to my mouth again."



"Wait, wait!" said the boy, excitedly. "I have to change the tape!"

The vampire sighed and waited patiently.

"What happened then?" the boy asked.

"I saw Lestat as I had not seen him before. He had seemed white to me, but now I saw that he was radiant. And then I saw that not only Lestat had changed, but all things had changed. It was as if I could see the real colors and shapes for the first time. Then Lestat began to laugh, and I heard his laughter as I had never heard it before."

The vampire smiled.

"Lestat told me to go out into the yard, to the trees. That, of course, was wise. When I saw the moon in the sky, I loved it so much that I probably spent an hour looking at it. I heard the night as if it were a chorus of singing voices. Then my body began to ache. I was dying as a human, but I was alive as a vampire, and that scared me. I ran back to the house where Lestat was already working on the plantation papers. 'Something's happening to me,' I shouted. He didn't even look at me. 'You're dying, that's all; don't be a fool,' he said still studying the papers. 'Dying?' I shouted, scared. But Lestat only said, 'It happens to everyone.' He didn't help me; he didn't calm me. Lestat was never the vampire I am. Luckily, I was dying fast, and my fear soon disappeared. Suddenly Lestat got up. 'Oh, what a fool I am!' he began shouting. 'You'll have to lie down with me this morning because I haven't prepared a coffin for you.'"



The vampire laughed.



"This made me feel uncomfortable. Lestat was in the bedroom which was his father's now, telling the old man good-bye and that he would return in the morning. The old man wanted to know where he went, and Lestat became angry. 'I take care of you, don't I? I've bought a good house for you. If I want to sleep all day and drink all night, I'll do it!' The old man started to cry. 'Such a son, such a son,' he said, never knowing the truth, of course. He asked for his rosary, and Lestat gave it to him..."

"But," the boy started, "rosaries have crosses on them, don't they?"

"Oh, the rumor about crosses!" the vampire laughed. "Do you mean that vampires are afraid of crosses?"

"Yes, I thought so," said the boy.

"Nonsense, my friend, nonsense."

"And what about the keyholes? Can you go through them?"

"I wish I could," laughed the vampire.

"And what about stakes through the heart?" asked the boy.

"The same," said the vampire. "Nonsense."

"So what happened then?" the boy asked. "Did you get into the coffin?"

The vampire continued the story.



"I had no choice. I asked Lestat to let me stay in the closet, but he laughed. 'Don't you know what you are now?' he said angrily. 'It's almost dawn. I should let you die. You will die, you know. The sun will destroy the blood that I've given you. Now, I'm getting into the coffin, and you should do, too, if you know what's good for you.' And I did. He shut the lid. Then I asked him if I was completely dead. 'No, you're not,' he said. 'You should be dead by tonight. Go to sleep.'"



"Was he right? Were you dead when you woke up?"

"Yes, changed, I'd say. I was alive, but my body was dead. It took some time before all the fluids that the body didn't need were gone from it. But then my body was dead. And my human emotions changed, too. The first thing I understood, while Lestat and I were getting another coffin from a mortuary, was that I did not like Lestat at all. There was no reason. You probably cannot understand. Before I died, Lestat had been the most exciting person for me, but then he lost his charm. His constant talking was boring. I wasn't like him then, and I learned that on the night of my first kill."

The vampire quickly reached across the table and touched the boy's hand.

"Oh, my!" cried the boy. "Your arm is really long! You reach so far without moving!"

"No," said the vampire. "I moved forward too fast for you to see. It was an illusion."

"You moved forward? But you didn't. You were sitting as you are now."

"No," repeated the vampire. "I moved forward as I told you. Here, I'll do it again."

And he did it again, and the boy stared at him with confusion and fear.

"You still didn't see it," said the vampire. "But if you look at my arm now, it's really not so long. This is the difference between the way you see and I see. My movement looked slow to me. Well, I didn't want to frighten you. But now you can see from this that my return to Pointe du Lac was full of new things."



"Yes," said the boy quietly.



The vampire paused for a moment, and then he said, "I was telling you about my first kill. I should say, first, that the plantation was in chaos. The overseer's body was found, and then the blind old man was found in the house. Everyone thought that I was in New Orleans, but no one could find me in the city. My sister had called the police, and some of them were at Pointe du Lac when I arrived. It was already quite dark, so the police did not really see me with my changed body. I talked to them outside the plantation house and did not go inside. I explained that I'd been to Pointe du Lac the night before, and the blind old man was my guest, but I had not seen the overseer. After that, I had the problem of the plantation itself. My slaves were all confused, and no work had been done. Now we had no overseer, but I had some very smart slaves who could do his job. So I gave the management of things to them and even the overseer's house. Two young women slaves were sent to the house from the fields to care for Lestat's father. I told them that I wanted privacy and asked them to leave me and Lestat alone. I didn't know at the time that these black slaves knew much more about supernatural than the white men, and they would be the first and the only ones who suspected that Lestat and I were not ordinary people. I made a bad mistake. But let me continue my story. I was going to tell you about my first kill."

"Was it difficult?" asked the boy.



"I should've never started with a human. But this was something that I had to learn by myself. After the police had gone, Lestat and I went into the swamps. It was dark, so I focused on my new ability to see in total darkness. And then we finally found our victims. There was a small camp of runaway slaves. Lestat had visited them before and killed some of them, taking them in their sleep. They didn't know anything about Lestat. We had to watch for an hour before one of the men finally walked a little into the trees closer to where we were standing. Lestat told me to take him," the vampire smiled at the boy's wide eyes. "I think I was as horrified as you are now. But I didn't know then that I could kill animals instead of humans. I said that I could not take him. And the slave heard me. He stopped and looked into the dark. Then quickly he took out a long knife and stepped forward. I knew that he could not see us in the dark. Lestat stepped behind him, grabbed him and bit his neck. The slave cried out and tried to free himself, but it was too late. Lestat finished his business fast because the other slaves came running. 'You make me sick,' he said when he got back to me. The slaves discovered the wounded man, took him back, and then started looking for the attacker. 'We have to get another one before they return to the camp,' Lestat said. And quickly we went after another man who was separated from the others. Lestat didn't say or do anything to help me with this new experience. He just did not."



"What do you mean?" the boy asked.



"Killing is not easy," said the vampire. "You don't simply feed yourself on blood. You feel the life of another person, how the life is leaving him through the blood. I don't think that Lestat understood that. He caught that slave and held him, showing me his neck. 'Do it,' he said. And I did it. And once I tasted the blood, everything else disappeared. I drank and drank. But soon Lestat stopped me. 'He's already dead, you idiot!' he shouted and slapped my face. 'You don't drink after they're dead! Understand that? You'll die if you do that.' I was simply charmed."



"You were charmed... Did it feel like love?" asked the boy.

The vampire smiled. "That's right. It's like love. You must understand that I'm telling you my story, so you can know that there is a big difference between vampires. I am not like Lestat at all. But then one day at the house of Pointe du Lac, when we sat at the table, Lestat caught a huge rat and filled a glass with its blood. I was shocked, and he said, 'Haven't you seen a rat? You have to feed on rats sometimes. Traveling by ship, for example.' I stared at him. 'Do you mean that we can teed on animals?' I asked. 'Yes, of course, rats, chickens, cattle. Don't be such an idiot!' he said and drank the rat's blood. 'I can throw you and your father out of my house, if I like,' I said. I think I got really angry then. 'You won't do I hat. You don't know everything yet... or do you?' Lestat asked me sarcastically and laughed. 'You don't know, for example, how you can die.' I protested, 'But there must be someone else in the world to teach me these things. Certainly, you're not the only vampire!' Lestat stopped laughing and looked at me, 'And do you think that you can find other vampires by yourself? They might see you, my friend, but you won't see them. No, I don't think that you have any choice now. I'm your teacher and you need me, and there is nothing you can do about it. And we both should sleep in the same room, for safety.' Of course, I didn't want to stay in the same room with him. He became furious. 'Don't do anything stupid, Louis. I warn you. There's nothing you can do to protect yourself when the sun rises.' Then he said other things to frighten me, but I didn't listen to him. He looked weak and stupid to me. 'I will sleep alone,' I said and took my coffin to my brother's oratory. I shut the blinds on the windows and locked the door. Then I climbed into the coffin. And that's how I became a vampire."



"And there you were," said the boy after a pause, "with another vampire whom you hated."



"But I had to stay with him," answered the vampire. "As I've told you, there was so much that I didn't know, and I had to know, and only he could tell me. But in fact, the things that he taught me were practical. For example, how we could travel by ship together with our coffins, pretending that they contained the dead bodies of our relatives; how we could feed on rats; how there were shops, restaurants and banks that he knew and that could serve and do business with us at night. In all these things, Lestat was a good teacher. I didn't know what kind of man he'd been in life, I didn't care, but probably we were of the same class. To our visitors he was gentle and polite. That made our lives much easier."



"But he didn't harm these men, did he? "Asked the boy. "Oh, yes, often he did. But I'll tell you a little secret. I knew that Lestat hunted for mortals every night. He was a killer then. But to my family, my guests, and my slaves - he was not. He also took care of his father, but sometimes he treated the blind old man badly. 'Don't I take enough care of you?' Lestat shouted at him. 'Stop asking me about going to church or to your old friends! Your old friends are all dead. Why don't you die and leave me in peace?' The old man cried softly. He would've been quite happy on his little farm forever. I often wanted to ask him where that place was because probably that's where Lestat knew another vampire. But I didn't dare. And so we lived together. Lestat often laughed at me and my mortal feelings, especially when I asked him about God or the devil. But now in this strange vampire nature I felt deep sadness. I often looked around me at all the mortals that I knew and saw life as something precious. I helped my family and spent much time with my sister. All this became possible because of my loneliness with which I lived in the world of mortal men."



"And what about the money?" asked the boy.

"Oh, that! Lestat and I had no material troubles. He knew how to steal from his victims. He also used his vampire skills at the gambling tables in the richest salons of the city. So he could always get money, and I could invest it. But first let me describe New Orleans as it was then, so you can understand how simple our lives were. There was no city in America like New Orleans. It was filled with immigrants of all kinds'. Then there were not only the black slaves and the Indians, but also people of the port, the sailors of ships, who came to spend their money in the city. This was New Orleans, a magical and romantic place fur a vampire to live in. A city in which a vampire will never be noticed."

The vampire looked sad. The boy sighed quietly.

"What was it?" the vampire asked after a while. "Oh, yes, the money. Lestat and I had to make money. But I'll come to that in a moment Let me tell you first how we fed. I killed animals, and Lestat killed humans all the time, sometimes two or three a night, sometimes more. He drank from one and then went to another. A young girl was his favorite food, but his favorite trophy was a young man. A young man like you, especially."

"Me?" the boy whispered.

"Yes," the vampire continued, as if he hadn't seen the boy's fear. "Both of us were hunting every night: Lestat for slaves and I for animals."

"Were you killing only animals?"

"Yes. But I'll come to that later."

"And he was just a killer then," the boy said.

"No. Soon I saw what it meant to him to be a vampire. It meant revenge. Revenge against life. Every time he took a life, it was revenge. Nothing mattered to him. He hated everyone. He envied the mortals."

"Did he continue living at Pointe du Lac?"



"Yes. I wasn't sure if he'd told me all that I needed to know. And great pretense was needed. For my sister's wedding, I pretended that I had malaria, and something like that happened to me on the day of my mother's funeral, too. Every night Lestat and I sat down to dinner with the old man and made nice noises with our knives and forks. I faked headaches to meet with my sister in a dark bedroom to give her and her husband a lot of money to invest for us all. Luckily, her husband was an idiot, and these things went well. But soon we began to have our problems with the slaves. They were suspicious. As I said, Lestat killed anyone he liked. So there was always some talk of mysterious deaths, which I heard one evening when I was playing a shadow at the slave cabins. Now, let me explain first something about these slaves. Our slaves were Africans. They were very black and very foreign; they made jewelry of animal bones; they spoke their African languages and sang their exotic and strange African songs. They were superstitious and had their own secrets and traditions. They had no fear. One summer evening I heard through the open doors of a cabin a conversation, which told me that Lestat and I were in real danger. The slaves knew now that we were not ordinary mortals. One of the maids told of how, through a keyhole, they had seen us at the table with empty plates and empty glasses, laughing, our faces white and ghostly. They had also seen Lestat's coffin. 'There is no bed in there,' they whispered. 'He sleeps in the coffin.' They knew what we were. And as for me, they'd seen me come from the oratory every evening. Of course, I'd pretended to visit it in memory of Paul, but they didn't believe my lies. And now they made a connection between us and the deaths of slaves in the fields and swamps, the dead cattle and horses, and all I he other strange events. But they were not going to run away. No, they wanted to destroy us. I ran back to the plantation house to tell Lestat that our game was over. 'I'll kill them all. Some will run away and that will be fine,' Lestat answered calmly. He wasn't running away from the stupid slaves. His father was very ill and could die any minute. 'Are you mad?' I cried then, '(want you to leave. Now, go look at your father and tell me how long he will live, because that's how long you can stay, and only if the slaves don't kill us sooner!' Lestat was furious. He told me then to go and look at his father myself, and I did. The old man was really dying. I'd always liked the old man; he was kind and simple. I knew that the slaves in the house were watching us and listening. I was hoping that the old man would die right then. I called for Daniel, the slave to whom I'd given the overseer's job. But when Daniel came, the moment I saw him, I knew that everything at Pointe du I ac was lost. He looked at me as if I was a monster. So I had to kill him."



The vampire stopped. He was looking at the boy.

"You what?" asked the boy.



"Yes, I had to kill him. I had no time. He started to run. He would've told everyone. I killed him with a knife, but I did not taste his blood, I could not. Then Lestat came out of the room. 'Kill my father. We have to get out of here. There's no time,' he said. 'Are you mad? He's your father!' I answered. 'I know that he's my father!' said Lestat. 'That's why you have to kill him. I can't kill him! If I could, I would've done it a long time ago! And look what you've done, killing this slave! His friends will be here in minutes!' This was true. Lestat was right. I could hear the slaves gathering outside. I left Lestat, went into his father's bedroom, and shut the door. The old man never knew what happened. He never woke up. I knew then that I had had enough of Pointe du Lac and Lestat and all. The slaves were coming now. I decided to burn the house, and that's what I did. Lestat thought that I was mad. The only thing that was saved from the flames was his coffin."



"Could the fire hurt you?" asked the boy.

"Of course!" said the vampire.

"Did you go back to the oratory? Was it safe?"

"No. Not at all. The slaves were running around."

"But what about Lestat?"

The vampire sighed. "Lestat wanted to go to New Orleans, but we needed a carriage and horses to take our coffins there. At first, we hid at another plantation house nearby. I knew the owner, a very nice lady named Babbette, whom I liked, but whom I never told my real story. Oh, I see that you want to ask me a question." The vampire stopped.

"Oh, no," said the boy shyly.

"Ask me," the vampire said to the boy.

"Well, did you still have feelings, I mean, for ladies?" the boy asked.



"Do you think that I cannot feel?" asked the vampire. "Or you mean love? It is a good question. I feel love, and I felt some love for Babbette, but it was not the greatest love I've ever felt. Anyway, she gave me and Lestat a dark room for the day. Lestat wanted to leave as soon as possible and hated me for being friends with mortals. 'I don't need you, Louis!' he shouted. 'But to get out of here we need each other. You don't know how to use your powers! It's like you don't know what you are! You talk to this woman, but what if she comes back with the others? Then what? Then be ready to kill!'"



The vampire stopped. He was lost in his thoughts, his memory. Then he turned towards the boy and studied him. I he boy looked into the vampire's eyes.

"Is this what you wanted?" the vampire whispered. "Is this what you wanted to hear?" He moved the chair back, got up, and walked to the window. The boy sat quietly, and his eyes were wide. "You don't answer me because I'm not giving you what you want, am I? You wanted an interview. Something to play on the radio."

I hat doesn't matter. I'll throw the tapes away if you want!" I he boy stood up. "I can't say that I understand all that you're telling me..." He took a step towards the vampire. The vampire turned his head slowly, looked at the hoy and smiled His face was calm, and the boy suddenly felt uncomfortable.

"Will you... please go on?" the boy asked.

"Why?" the vampire asked.

I he buy didn't know what to say. "Because... I want to hear it. Because want to know what happened."

"All right," said the vampire, with the same smile. He went back to the chair and sat down. "So let me go on then."



"You must understand that what I felt for Babbette was a desire for a friend because I was so lonely. It was stronger than any other desire, except for the desire for blood. In the evening Babbette came alone with a lamp. But when she looked at me, I knew that she must've heard the terrible stories of last night. Now to Babbette I was a monster. 'Please help us,' I said to her. 'We need only a carriage and horses.' She paused, making the Sign of the Cross as if I was the devil. 'I don't know if I come from the devil or not! I don't know what I am!' I shouted to her. 'I will live to the end of the world, and I do not even know what I am!' Suddenly Lestat was behind her. He grabbed her wrist, and she screamed and dropped the lamp. Lestat pulled her towards the open door. 'Get us the carriage!' he said to her. 'Get it now, and the horses!' I ran after him, grabbed him by the neck and pulled him backwards. He let Babbette go. Then he turned and kicked me, but I pulled him down. Babbette was horrified. 'Remember!' I shouted to her. T could kill you! Or let him kill you! I did not. You thought that I was the devil. You were wrong.' Then Lestat and I ran to the stables to get the horses and the carriage, and in an hour and a half we were in New Orleans."



"Then you stopped Lestat just in time, right?" asked the boy.



"Yes. Lestat could kill very fast. But I know that I saved only Babbette's physical life, not her mental one. In New Orleans, we got a room at a new Spanish hotel, and there I understood that I had to leave Lestat or die. It would be nice to die, I thought. Yes, die. I wanted to die before. Now I wished to die. I saw it so clearly then, and I think that he also felt it. On our first night at the hotel Lestat said to me, 'It's almost dawn! Go kill!' He opened the window and stepped out. Soon I heard his footsteps on the rooftop beside the hotel. He was going for the coffins, or at least one, which we left in the carriage, parked on a small street. I was thirsty, and I followed him. I needed to feed. I've already told you that I did not kill people then. I walked on the rooftops, looking for rats."

"But why... was it a moral decision for you?"



"Yes, it was moral. Because all the decisions are moral, really."

"I don't understand," said the boy.

"I believed that I killed animals for moral reasons only. You see, although Lestat had never said anything about the devil or hell to me, I believed that I was damned when I went to him. Do you understand?"

The boy said nothing at first. Then he whispered, "Were you?"

The vampire only sat there, smiling a little. The boy was staring at him now as if seeing him for the first time.

"Perhaps..." said the vampire, crossing his legs. "Perhaps I should continue my story."'

"Yes, please," said the boy.



"I went into the street after Lestat and walked and walked. The streets were dirty then, not like the city of today. I was still thinking. Am I damned? Am I from the devil? I was asking myself these questions again and again. What have I become, becoming a vampire? Where should I go? For a while, I forgot my thirst. But my thirst only grew and grew, and finally I couldn't stand it any longer. Then I heard the sound of a child crying."



The vampire paused, as if preparing himself for something very important, and then he went on. "She was inside a house. I listened to her cry. She was so lonely. She had been crying for so long now that soon she would be tired and stop. I went inside. She sat in the dark room full of packages beside a dead woman, a woman who had been dead for some days. No one else was there, except the child. When she saw me, she began to tell me that I must do something to help her mother. She was only about five years old, very thin, and her face was dirty. She asked me to help. They had to take a ship, she said, before the plague came; their father was waiting. She began to shake her mother now and to cry desperately. You must understand that by then I really needed to feed. I could not live for another day without it. I could catch rats in the street. But I was still thinking: Am I damned? If so, why do I feel such pity for her? Why do I wish to hold her now, to hug her, to comfort her? Why? If I am damned, I must want to kill her, I must want to make my food. I must hate her. And when I thought of this, I saw Babbette's face, and I saw Lestat in my mind and hated him, and I felt damned. So I bent down, bit into her small neck and whispered, 'It's only for a moment, and then there'll be no pain.' I heard her heart, the heart of the child, beating, not wanting to die, crying, I will not die, I will not die, I cannot die, I cannot die."

"When it was done, I put the child down. She lay there like a doll. But when I turned to go away, I saw Lestat in the window. He was laughing at me. 'Louis, Louis,' he said. 'Look at you, Louis!' Then he got into the room, grabbed the mother's dead body from the bed and started singing and dancing with her."



"Good God!" whispered the boy.



"Yes, I thought so, too," said the vampire. "Finally, he threw her body down. I jumped out of the window and ran down the street, and he was running after me. 'Are you afraid of me, Louis?' he shouted. 'Are you afraid? The child's alive, Louis; you left her alive. Shall I go back and make her a vampire? We could use her, Louis, and think of all the pretty dresses we could buy for her. Louis, wait! I'll go back for her if you say!' And so he ran after me all the way back to the hotel, across the rooftops. I locked myself in the room. I was out of my mind. How I hated Lestat! I walked round and round the room looking for some way to kill him. He broke the glass and got in. We fought like we'd never fought before, and I lost. I was lying on the floor then, and he was standing over me. 'You're a fool, Louis,' he said. His voice was calm, so calm. 'The sun's rising,' he said, looking at the window. I'd never seen him like this. 'Get in your coffin,' he said to me, without anger. 'But tomorrow night... we'll talk.'"

"Did he want your money or your houses?" asked the boy. "Or was he afraid to be alone if you left him?"

"It was possible. I even thought that Lestat wanted to kill me. He was stronger than me, and he knew all the things, as I've said."

"But how could he kill you? Not with the sunlight, of course."

"This is true, but he could lock or nail my coffin and then burn it. I sometimes saw it in my dreams."

"So you dream!" said the boy.



"Often," said the vampire. "I wish sometimes that I did not because most of my dreams are nightmares. But when I woke up that evening, I saw that there were two women in our parlor. Lestat was sitting on the couch with one of them and kissing her. She was very drunk and very beautiful. The other woman was sitting at the table, and she was bored. All this scared me. I did not know what Lestat was planning. When he saw me in the bedroom door, he walked slowly to the table and blew out the candles. 'It's too dark in here,' said the first woman. Lestat first kissed and then bit the woman sitting at the table. He did it so carefully that the other woman didn't even notice anything. 'Your friend had too much wine,' he said, soon returning to the first woman. 'I can warm your cold skin better than she can,' she said and kissed Lestat. But he'd planned other things."



"Didn't the blood warm him?" asked the boy.

"Oh, yes," said the vampire. "After killing, a vampire is as warm as you are now. As I was saying, Lestat had planned other things, so soon the second woman was dead, too."

"But what were you thinking when you watched?" asked the boy. "Did you want to stop him?"



"No," said the vampire. "I could not. I knew that he killed humans every night. Animals gave him nothing. I was angry, of course, that Lestat made this show for me. 'Come in, Louis,' he finally said. I looked at the woman on the couch. I was not sure if she was dead. Lestat then made a cut in her neck and filled two wine glasses with blood. 'I'm leaving you,' I said to him. 'I want to tell you that now.' He looked at me. 'I thought you would,' he answered, 'and I thought that you would tell me what a monster I am!' He was wrong, so I tried to explain my decision to him. 'I don't judge you. I'm not interested in you. I am interested in my nature now, and I think that I can't trust you to tell me the truth about it. You use knowledge for personal power,' I told him. He was listening to me. 'Why did you become a vampire?' I asked him. 'And why such a cruel vampire?' Lestat still listened to me without speaking. His eyes were large and thoughtful. 'What do you think a vampire is?' he asked me then. 'I don't know. You know. What is it?' I said. And he answered nothing to this. Then I said, 'I know that after leaving you, I'll try to find out. I'll travel the world, if I have to, to find other vampires. I know that they must exist. And I'm sure that I'll find vampires who understand knowledge as I do and use their nature to learn secrets. I'll learn from them when I find them.'"



The vampire shook his head and laughed a little. Then he continued his story.

"'You are in love with your mortal nature, Louis!' Lestat said to me. 'And in your romance with mortal life, you're dead to your vampire nature!' I disagreed. 'All that you say is true,' he continued, drinking blood from his glass. 'You are an intellectual. But I'm not stupid either, and you must listen to me because you are in danger. You do not know your vampire nature. Babbette, then this little girl with her dead mother... You cannot, as a man, go back, asking for love and care. You cannot go back to the world of human warmth.' I knew that, of course. 'But what is our nature? If I can feed on the blood of animals, why should I go through the world, bringing death to people?' Lestat finished the glass now. 'Will it bring you happiness?' he asked me. 'Let's imagine that you meet someone understanding, like Babbette, what then? A few short years to watch her grow older and then die before your eyes? Does this give you happiness? This is madness, Louis. The vampire nature is killing. You will drink blood, and you will be filled with life. The moon will be your sun. And then you will see death in all its beauty. Don't you understand that, Louis? You can be like the hand of God!'"

"So the vampires are killers?" asked the boy.

"Well, that is how he saw it! He'd never spoken like this to me before. Of course, I protested. But he continued. 'You want to find other vampires? Vampires are killers! They don't want you or your philosophy. They'll see you before you see them, and they'll kill you. They'll kill you even if you're like me because they are loners and don't need friends. They have their own territory; and if you find some of them together, it will be for safety only, and one will be the slave of the other, like you are of me.' I realized then that he was right, and all this time I'd been his slave. 'But why do you do cruel things, Lestat?' I asked him. 'I like it,' he said. 'I enjoy it.' He looked at me. 'I don't say that you have to enjoy it. Kill people fast, if you wish, but do it! Learn that you're a killer! I saw you last night with that child. You're a vampire, the same as I am!' He told me that peace would come to me if I killed and drank blood every night of my life. 'There is nothing else. But this is everything! Come with me out into the streets. You haven't drunk enough. Let me show you what you are. Come!' he said. I told him that I could not do it. 'But Louis,' he said, 'you haven't tried! Do what it is your nature to do.'"

The vampire stopped again. He was studying the boy. Excited, the boy said nothing.



"It was true what he'd said. I had not drunk enough, so we went out of the hotel into the streets. People were coming and going. There were parties in the hotels. I was so depressed then. Lestat was right, so right! I knew peace only when I killed, only for that minute. But I also knew that the killing of a human being simply brought me closer to humans, to their real lives. I was no vampire. In my pain, I asked myself, like a child: Could I return? Could I be human again? I was walking in the street, looking at the stars and thinking, Yes, it's true. I knew that what he was saying was true, but I couldn't bear it. Lestat led me through the streets with a smile on his lips, as on the night when he'd come into my mortal life and told me that we would be vampires. 'Evil is good,' he whispered now. 'We are immortal. God kills, and so shall we. He takes the richest and the poorest, and so shall we. We are His dark angels. Your pain will end.' We came to some street and entered a narrow door. The room was dark, and there were some people inside. 'What is it? Where are we?' I asked Lestat. 'She's there!' he said. 'Your wounded one. Your daughter.' I still didn't understand. 'What are you talking about?' Lestat stopped to look at me. 'You saved her,' he whispered. 'I knew it. You left the window open, and people passing in the street found her and brought her here.'"



"Could it be that child? That little girl with her dead mother?" asked the boy.



"Yes, you're right. We came to a room with many wooden beds, each with a child under a thin white blanket. A candle was burning at one end of the room. A nurse was sitting at a small desk. We walked between the rows of beds. 'Poor children, orphans,' Lestat said. 'Children of plague and fever.' He stopped. I saw the little girl lying in the bed. And then a man came, a doctor. He was whispering with Lestat. Someone in another room was crying. The nurse got up and went away. Lestat took money from his pocket and gave it to the doctor. The doctor was saying how glad he was that we'd come for her. He thought that Lestat was the girl's father. Soon Lestat was running through the streets with her, and I ran after him. 'Lestat, what are you doing? Where are you taking her?' I cried. But I already knew the answer. He was going to the hotel and wanted to take her into our room. The bodies of the two women were still there. Lestat went right into the bedroom and put the child down on the bed. 'Come here, Louis, you haven't fed enough, I know you haven't,' he said to me. I didn't want to kill her. I hadn't wanted to kill her last night. But Lestat was saying to me now, 'You want her, Louis. Don't you see? You wanted her last night, but you showed weakness, and that's why she's not dead.' I could feel that it was true what he said. I could feel that. I tried to tell myself that it was best for her to die, but these thoughts were wrong. I wanted her! And so I took her."



The vampire paused, frowning.



"I won't tell you again what it was like. I couldn't stop, so finally Lestat pulled me from her. I sat shocked, looking at her, too weak to move. Then Lestat held her, talking to her, saying her name. 'Claudia, Claudia, listen to me, Claudia.' He carried her out of the bedroom, but I still could hear his voice: 'You're ill, but you must do what I tell you to get well.' And then I understood what he was doing. He cut his wrist and gave it to her, and she was drinking. 'That's it dear,' he was saying to her. 'You must drink it to get well.' After a while, I got up and walked into the parlor. 'Damn you, Lestat!' I shouted. 'What have you done, you bastard?' The girl was sitting on the couch. I stared at her. She was filled with life now, all beautiful, white and shining, like an angel. She was looking at Lestat. 'Where is mamma?' asked the child. Now Lestat came towards me with her. 'She's our daughter,' he said to me. 'This is Louis, and I am Lestat,' he then said to her. 'You're going to live with us now. Louis was going to leave us. He was going to go away. But now he's not because he wants to stay and take care of you and make you happy.'



She looked at me. She was the most beautiful child I'd ever seen, but she was not a child any more - she was a vampire child. Her eyes were a woman's eyes, I could see it already. Then she looked around and said that it was a pretty room, very pretty, but she wanted her mamma. 'Your mamma left you with us. She wants you to be happy,' Lestat said. 'She knows that we can make you very happy. Now you are our daughter.'

'Then I am hungry. I want some more,' the girl said, turning to Lestat. 'No, not me,' he said to her, 'and not tonight. Do you understand? But tomorrow night I'll show you what to do! Just remember, you must never drink after the heart stops or you'll be sick again, sick to death. Do you understand?' Then Lestat looked at me and smiled."

The vampire stopped. At first, the boy said nothing. "A child vampire!" he whispered finally. The vampire was looking at the tape recorder. Then the boy saw that the tape was almost out. Quickly, he opened his briefcase, took out a new cassette, and put it into place. He looked at the vampire and pressed the record button. The vampire's face looked tired, but he asked calmly, "Are we ready to go on?"

The boy nodded. "Did Lestat do this to the little girl just to keep you with him?" he asked.

"That is difficult to say. Keeping me with him was surely one of the reasons. Or maybe it was revenge."

"Revenge? You speak of him as if he were dead. Is he dead?" asked the boy.

"I don't know," said the vampire. "Maybe. But I'll come to that. We were talking about Claudia, weren't we? I want to go on."

"Oh, please go on." The boy looked at his watch. The vampire smiled at the boy. The boy's face changed.

"Are you still afraid of me?" asked the vampire. The boy said nothing.

"Don't be," said the vampire. "Shall we go on?"

"Please," said the boy.



"Well," the vampire began, "our life changed with Mademoiselle Claudia, as you can imagine. At first, I thought only about protecting her from Lestat. I took her into my coffin every morning and would not let her go with him, if possible. This was what Lestat wanted: to keep me there. I was afraid of running away alone, but I couldn't even think about running away with Claudia. She was a child. She needed care. And she wasn't like Lestat or me at all. She was a little child but also a cruel killer. Lestat told her that we killed to live and that we could never die. Quiet and beautiful, she played with her dolls. Quiet and beautiful, she killed. I, too, now fed on strangers. Plague was in the city, and it was easy to find victims. We now lived in one of my new town houses, in a flat above a tailor's shop. It was much safer than Pointe du Lac. Lestat bought many expensive things for himself and Claudia, but I did not need the luxury. The walls in Claudia's room were painted with a magical forest and golden birds. Dressmakers came to our flat to dress Claudia in the best of children's fashion. You can say that Lestat played with her as if she were a doll with beautiful golden hair. In the evenings the three of us often went to the new Opera House' or the Theatre d'Orleans. And all this time I was teaching Claudia. I gave her books and taught her poetry. Soon she played her own songs on the piano. Years passed, and then strange things began to happen. She was still a quiet child, but I sometimes found her reading Aristotle or a new novel. Claudia was a mystery. I couldn't tell what she knew or did not know. And I sometimes watched how she killed. She would sit alone in the street, waiting for a kind gentleman or woman to find her. Like a child, she would ask for help, and as they carried her in their arms, she would bite them. But when that was done, she was my friend and my pupil again. Father and daughter. Lestat did not envy, but he only smiled, waiting for her to come back to him. Then he took her into the street for the hunt, the kill. Years and years and years passed. And only years later I understood the fact about Claudia, about her body."



"Her body?" the boy asked.



"Yes, her body. You see, she could never grow up," the vampire explained. "She was a toy, a doll, a child forever! Just as I am the young man that I was when I died. And Lestat? The same. But her mind was a vampire's mind. Her eyes were adult eyes, not innocent at all, and her voice sometimes sounded like a woman's voice. 'Doll, doll,' I called her. That's what she was. A magic doll. She wanted her own coffin now, which made me sad. For so many years, I slept with her as if she were a part of me. One day she ran to me, saying, 'I don't want it if it hurts you! I'll stay with you always.' We ordered a coffin for her, and it stood in our bedroom. But she did not sleep in it. She slept with me. There were other changes in her, too. She killed mostly women and children now. These things Lestat told me, laughing. We didn't quarrel then. Not until she began asking questions."



The vampire stopped for a moment.

"I should've known,"' he said, "that it was inevitable. I should've seen the signs. I loved her so much; she was my friend, the only friend that I had, my love. I should have known. But I ignored the signs in her. She stopped talking to Lestat. She looked at him for hours, but when he spoke, she didn't answer him. He didn't like to be ignored, and once he even wanted to hit her. 'What's the matter with her?' he cried at me. 'She's not a child anymore,' I said to him. 'She's a woman.' And then one night our servants, a mother and daughter, disappeared. The father came to our flat to look for them. 'It's she!' Lestat cried when the man had left. 'She's done something to them and brought danger to us all. I'll make her tell me!' But she had gone. Soon we found the bodies in the shed in our yard. There they lay on the floor, mother and daughter together. 'Damn her!' Lestat shouted. I grabbed his arm. 'What do you want to do with her?' I asked. 'What can you do? She's not a child anymore. She will not do what we say only because we say it. You need to teach her, and you need to respect her.' But he didn't listen to me."



"She came in later, with a bunch of white chrysanthemums in her arms. 'Are they for the two that you left in the shed?' Lestat asked angrily. She turned to him, but said nothing. She stood there looking at him, watching him. I stepped forward. I could feel his anger and her coldness. Then she turned to me and asked, 'Which of you did it? Which of you made me what I am?' She looked at Lestat. 'You speak of us as if we always lived together,' she said, talking to him. 'You speak of them as mortals, of us as vampires. But it was not always so. Louis was mortal, and so was I. You made us what we are, didn't you?' He looked at her and asked, mockingly, 'What you are! And don't you like what you are? Do you know how long it's been? Can't you remember? You could be dead by now if you were mortal! Do you hear me? Why do you ask me this now? You've known all your life that you're a vampire.' Claudia sat in a chair. She was still studying him. 'Did you do it to me?' she asked coldly. 'How did you do it?' I knew that Lestat didn't want to tell her. 'Why should I tell you? It's my power,' he said. Suddenly, she yelled angrily, 'How it was done?' Lestat jumped up. 'Stop her,' he said to me. 'Do something about her! I can't stand her!' He started walking towards the door, but then turned to Claudia and whispered, 'I can undo what I did. Both to you and to him. Be glad that I made you what you are. Or I'll break you in a thousand pieces!'"



"Well, the peace of the house was destroyed. Days passed, and she asked no questions, but now she was reading books about witches and vampires. Then one evening, when Lestat was away, she came up to me. 'He will tell me nothing,' she said softly. 'But you'll tell me, won't you? How it was done.'

'Is this what you really want to know?' I asked. 'Or is it why it was done to you... and what you were before? Or if you mean how was it done so that you may do it, too?' She was looking at me with her eyes wide open. 'I don't know. Kill with me tonight,' she whispered. 'And tell me all that you know. What are we? Why are we not like them?' She looked out the window into the street. 'I don't know the answers to your questions,' I said to her. 'I do not know. How I was made, I'll tell you. But I don't know the real "how"! Claudia, don't ask these questions which I asked myself for so many years in my search for answers. Lestat cannot give us the answers. And I have none.' She was quiet and stood looking at the sky. Then she turned to me, whispering, 'Then he made me... he did it... you did not! He made me, of course! He said it himself. But you hide something from me. Something he hides, too, when I ask him. He says that he couldn't have done it without you!' I was afraid that if she knew the truth, she would make me her enemy. 'I need you,' I said to her. 'I cannot lose you. You're the only companion I have in immortality.'

'But there must be others! We are not the only vampires on earth,' she cried. I heard her saying it as I had said it. I heard my own words coming back to me now. I looked down at her. 'Aren't you the same as I?' She looked at me, 'You've taught me all I know!'

'But Lestat taught you to kill,' I said and took my gloves. 'Come with me. Let's go out. I've something to show you...' And quickly I led her down the stairs and through the dark yard. But I didn't know what I wanted to show her or where I was going. I only knew that we had to go."

"We walked through the evening city towards the narrow streets and empty lots. I found the house now where I'd first heard Claudia cry. I had always known where it was and avoided it. The house was still standing. 'It was here when I first saw you,' I said to her, wanting to tell it to her so she would understand. 'I heard you crying. You were there in a room with your mother. And your mother was dead. Dead for days, and you didn't know it. You were trying to wake her from the dead, you were hugging her. It was almost morning and... I came into the room. I felt pity for you. But also... something else.' I saw her eyes open wide. 'You... fed on me?' she whispered. 'I was your victim?' It was a painful moment. 'Yes,' I said to her. 'I did it.' She stood still. And then she turned. And ran. And ran. I stood frozen, and then I turned and ran after her. I soon found her standing under a lamppost. I took her small hand. She studied me, as if she saw me for the first time in her life. 'You killed me,' she whispered. 'You took my life!' I didn't know what to do then. 'Yes,' I said to her. 'I tried to take it. To drink it. But you had a heart that beat and beat until I had to let you go or I would die. And it was Lestat who found me - the sentimental Louis, the fool, feeding on a golden-haired child, a little girl. He brought you back from the hospital, and I never knew what he'd planned to do.' I told her everything about that night until there was nothing more to say to her. 'I took your life,' I finished my story, 'but he gave it back to you.' Then she cried, 'And I hate you both!'"



The vampire stopped.

"But why did you tell her?" asked the boy after a pause.

"How could I not tell her?" The vampire looked up. "She had to know it, to see that death comes, unless one chooses... this!"

"And did you lose her? Did she go?"

"Go? Where could she go? She was just a child. Who would help her? But that's not why she didn't go. She, Lestat, and I - we could not live alone. We needed our little company!"



"Later Claudia asked me to tell her all that I knew, and I did this happily. I told her about myself, and how Lestat came to me, and what happened then. She asked no questions. And then, when it was finished and I was sitting there, she said, 'So I was mortal, and you gave me your immortal kiss. You loved me with your vampire nature.' I protested, 'I love you now with my human nature.' She laughed. 'Ah, yes,' she answered. 'Yes, and that's your problem. Human nature. I have no human nature. And a story of a mother's dead body cannot give me one. I have none. It scares you - I can see it in your eyes. I am a vampire more than you are. Now you know it after sixty five years.' I couldn't believe what she was saying! But she continued, 'He made me to be your companion. He gives me nothing. I used to think that he was charming, but not anymore. And you never liked him. We are his toys. Now is time to end it, Louis. Now is time to leave him.' Time to leave him! I dreamed of it for so long! 'But he'll never let us go,' I whispered. And she, still smiling, said, 'Oh... really?"'



"We agreed then to make plans as soon as possible. The next night my agent came to do business with me by the light of one candle and took my secret orders for an ocean voyage. Claudia and I decided go to Europe on the first ship. The most important orders were about a special casket that would travel with us in our cabin. And then there were orders about Lestat. I planned to leave him the rents for some shops and town houses: I wanted to buy our freedom. Lestat would have his own money and wouldn't need me. I planned to convince Lestat that we wanted only to take a trip together. But I did not believe that Claudia and I could really leave him. I pretended that I believed it, but really, I did not. Meanwhile, Claudia still read her vampire books and asked Lestat questions. 'What vampire made you what you are?' she once asked, without looking up from her book. 'Why do you never talk about him?' Lestat was furious. 'I can give you death more easily than I gave you life!' he cried, but Claudia was not scared. 'You know nothing,' she said to him, 'and if the vampire who made you knew nothing, and the vampire who made that vampire knew nothing, and the vampire before him knew nothing, and so it goes back and back, nothing coming from nothing, until there is nothing! And we must live with the knowledge that there is no knowledge.' Lestat was silent for a long time. And when he looked at me, I saw that he was afraid. Lestat was afraid! 'You infected her with this...' he whispered to me and went out. 'You were right. He knows nothing. There is nothing he can tell us,' I said to Claudia. She answered me like an older woman. 'We'll find others like us,' she said. 'We'll find them in Europe. That is where they live in the books. I'm sure of it. And I also think that he killed the other vampire.' I couldn't understand why she said that. 'Because I know it now,' she explained. 'That vampire made Lestat his slave, and he couldn't be a slave, so he killed him. Killed him before that vampire taught him anything. Then Lestat made you his slave. But I will free us both.' I still couldn't understand her. 'I haven't told him about our plan, about the voyage, the money,' I was telling her. And then she said, 'I will kill him.'"

"We went out and walked along the dark and narrow streets in silence. Soon I stopped and turned to her. 'Claudia...' I began, trying to find the words to talk about what she had said. But she wouldn't listen. 'And why not kill him?' she asked me. 'He is useless to me. I can get nothing from him!' She started walking away from me. 'Claudia!' I called after her. 'Claudia, you cannot kill him! I don't care what you feel, what you say, you cannot kill him! He'll kill you if you try to kill him. There is no way you can do it. You don't know how!' She turned around. 'And why not? Do you think he is so strong?' she cried. 'I love you, Louis, and I can kill him. But I want to tell you something else now, a secret between you and me.' There was a smile on her lips. 'The secret is, Louis that I want to kill Lestat. I will enjoy it! I kill humans every night with hunger. And I don't care about them - where they come from, where they go. But I don't like Lestat! I want him to be dead. And I will enjoy it!' I was angry with her and tried to protest. I said that she forgot that he was not mortal, but immortal. He couldn't get ill or grow old. He could live to the end of the world. 'He's a killer!' she whispered and was gone."



The vampire paused and stretched his long legs under the table. The boy looked at the tapes and then back at the vampire. "Did you kill anyone that night?" he asked.

"Of course. I now killed every night," said the vampire. "By the way, you look tired and cold."

"It doesn't matter," the boy said quickly. "The room is a little cold. I don't care about that. You're not cold, are you?"

"No." The vampire smiled and then laughed with silent laughter.

The boy was studying the vampire's face. "She didn't do it, did she?" asked the boy.

"What do you think?" asked the vampire.

"That she was... as you said, killed by him," said the boy. "Was she?"

"Don't you think that she could do it?" asked the vampire.

"But he was so strong. You said you never knew what powers he had or what secrets he knew. How could she even know how to kill him?"

The vampire looked at the boy for a long time, smiling. Then his face became serious again and he went on.



"Lestat had a musician friend who lived in the Rue Dumaine. I told you that he played with his victims, made friends with them. They trusted and liked him, even loved him, before he killed. So he played with this young boy. The young boy wrote good music, and often Lestat brought it home and played the songs on the piano in our parlor. The boy had a great talent, but was poor. Lestat gave him money and spent evenings with him in restaurants. This friendship lasted much longer than any other friendship Lestat had ever had. And I could not tell why. The next night - after the one, which I have just described to you- he asked me to go with him to the boy's flat. I said no and I gave him some reason, thinking about Claudia whom I saw only for a second, so he went out alone. Then I began to feel that this was the night. She would do it tonight. I cannot tell you how I knew this. Strange things were happening in the flat. Claudia was in the back parlor behind closed doors, and I heard another voice there, a whisper. Claudia never brought anyone to our flat. But I knew that there was someone there. There were smells of food and drink in the air. And chrysanthemums - flowers of death - stood in the silver vase. Then Lestat came back in, singing something. 'Did I kill him or did I not kill him? What do you think?' he asked us and walked to the piano. 'You did not,' I said, thinking, Can he die? Can he actually die? And will she really to do this? But I had the feeling now that there was no way back. 'You're right. I did not,' he said. 'I like to be close to him, to think that I can kill him and I will kill him, but not now. And then to leave him and find someone who looks like him.' I heard how the doors of the back parlor opened. Don't come, Claudia, I was thinking, go away from it before we're all killed."



"But she was coming. I heard her small footsteps. There was a smell of her perfume. She walked in through the door, all in white, went to the piano and looked at Lestat. 'What is it now?' he said angrily. 'You irritate me! Yes, you do. And I'll tell you something else. I've met someone who will be a better vampire than you. Do you understand what I mean?' I was shocked. Was Lestat talking about his musician friend? 'Do you want to frighten me?' Claudia asked. Lestat smiled. 'You're spoiled because you're an only child,' he said. 'You need a brother. Or maybe I need a brother. I'm tired of you both.' I couldn't believe what I heard. Does he finally want us to leave? 'I think we three could fill the world with vampires,' Claudia said, and Lestat laughed at her words. 'Do you think so?' he said, smiling. 'Do you think you could do it? You two don't have the power,' he said. His words seemed to worry her. It was something that she had not expected. She was studying him. I could see that she did not believe him. 'And what gave you the power?' she finally asked with sarcasm. 'That, my dear, is one of those things which you may never know,' Lestat said. Claudia laughed, 'You're a liar. But you spoil my plans.'"



"'Your plans?' Lestat asked. He was not the only person who had secret plans. 'I came to make peace with you because you're my father,' Claudia said. He did not believe it at first. He looked at me, then looked at her. 'I have a present for you,' Claudia said. Lestat laughed. 'And I hope it's a beautiful woman with something you'll never have!' he said cruelly. Her face changed when he did this. She almost lost her self-control. But then she just took Lestat by his hand. 'You haven't fed enough. I can see it in your color, in your eyes. Let's say that I can give you something special tonight,' she whispered. He looked at me again. I said nothing. Then he followed her to the hall, and I went after them. Two small boys lay on the couch in her room, sleeping. I saw by their poor clothes that they were orphans. They had a meal with wine, which was still standing before them on the table. But there was a smell in the room which I did not like. Lestat sat down next to the boys. 'Oh, Claudia!' he said. 'They're so beautiful. Where did you find them?' At first, she said nothing. She was sitting in an armchair and staring at Lestat. 'Drunk on wine,' she said. 'I thought of you when I saw them and wanted to share them with you.' Lestat was pleased. He looked at her now and bit the neck of the first boy who moaned slightly."



"Claudia was looking at Lestat until he finished the first boy and lay on the floor. But something was wrong. Lestat was staring at the ceiling. He lay too still. Then he made a sound. 'Don't you like it, Lestat?' Claudia asked him softly. 'Don't you like the taste of children's blood?' I could see that sometimes he shivered; but he did not move. He could not move at all. 'Something's wrong with it,' he whispered. 'Louis, it's absinthe! Too much absinthe! She has poisoned them with it. She has poisoned me, Louis...' I wanted to come and help him, but Claudia ordered me to stay where I was. She left the armchair and walked to him. 'Yes, it's absinthe, father,' she said, 'and laudanum'!' Lestat tried to shout at her and ask me to put him in his coffin, but his voice was very weak. 'I'll put you in your coffin,' Claudia said. 'I'll put you in it forever.' And then, from under the couch, she took a kitchen knife and stabbed him. The blood poured out of him, down his shirt, down his coat. She stood looking at him. He looked up at me and whispered, 'Louis! Louis!' I turned away from him, shocked by what I'd seen. I couldn't look at it any more. 'Look what's happening to him!' Claudia cried. I turned. He lay now on his back, and his body was drying. His skin became thin and wrinkled, and so white that I could see his bones through it. He was just a skeleton. But his eyes were the same, staring at the ceiling. Finally, the eyes closed. The thing that had been Lestat lay still."



"For a long time, Claudia just stood there. Blood was everywhere, even on her dress, her white shoes, her cheeks. Together we rolled the three bodies in sheets. Then I found a carriage with a horse, and we drove the bodies to the dark swamp outside the city. Now we were free of Lestat forever. When I woke up next evening, Claudia was looking through his things. 'Nothing!' she finally said. 'Nothing about where he came from or who made him!' I turned away from her. I couldn't look at her after what she had done to Lestat. 'Go away from me,' I said. 'I'll care for you because you can't care for yourself. But I don't want you near me. Don't come near me.' She started crying - for the first time since the night when I found her and her dead mother. 'He deserved to die!' she shouted. 'And I told you I was going to do it. I told you, Louis! I did it for us. So we could be free.' The sound of her crying stopped me. I went back, sat down beside her, and put my hand on her shoulder. 'Louis, if I lose you, I have nothing,' she whispered. 'I can't undo what I've done.' She put her arms around me. 'I can't live without you,' she whispered. Finally, my heart softened. 'All right, my dear,' I said to her. 'All right, my love.'"

"Like I said, we were free of Lestat forever, beginning the great adventure of our lives. But I was sad. What does it mean to die when you can live until the end of the world? And what is the end of the world? I was thinking and walking the streets again while Claudia went away to kill alone. At one place, I came to a cathedral and went in. It was a Saturday evening, and the people were coming in for confession. Inside candles were burning. I had no fear; I even wanted something to happen. I was in the cathedral, and I saw that a man was staring at me. Quickly I turned away from him. I looked at the statues with their empty eyes and thought that God did not live in that church. I was the only supernatural thing in that cathedral. I felt loneliness. Terrible loneliness! So I was sitting alone in the Saturday night cathedral when suddenly I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw a gray-haired priest. 'Do you wish to go to confession?' he asked. 'I was going to close the church. You are in trouble, aren't you? Can I help you?' For a moment, I just stared at him. I wanted to smile. But then I decided to do it. I went to the confession booth with him and there I said, lifting my hand to make the Sign of the Cross, 'Bless me, father, for I have sinned. Sinned so often and so long that I do not know how to change. I do not know how to confess before God what I've done.' I thought that the priest would ask me to go away, but instead he whispered to me, 'Son, God can forgive anything.' Anything? I thought and said, 'I killed, father. I brought death after death. I fed on human life. I am not mortal, father, but immortal and damned. I am a vampire.' The priest turned to look at me. 'What is this, a joke?' he asked and left the booth. Quickly I opened the booth door and stepped out. 'Young man, do you fear God at all?' he glared at me. Now I moved closer to him. Then, confused, he took a step back. The church was empty, black, the candles were burning only on the altars. 'Then there is no mercy!' I said to him angrily and suddenly put my hands on his shoulders. His mouth opened in horror. ' Do you see what I am? Why if God exists does He let me suffer?' I said to him. He was trying to free himself. I opened my mouth and showed him my teeth. 'Why does He let me live?' I asked him. The priest was terrified. 'Let me go! Devil!' he cried in panic. So I let him go."



The vampire stopped. The young man was now smoking his cigarette and staring at him. For some time the vampire was looking at the floor. Then he continued.



"I didn't remember Europe from my childhood, not even the voyage to America. But I spoke French, and I remembered how angry I was when Napoleon sold the colony of Louisiana to the United States. I wanted to see Europe, to know it. So I started thinking only about that now. And Claudia made a plan. It was her idea to go first to central Europe where the vampires probably lived. She was sure that we could find something there that would tell us about our origins. But first of all she wanted to meet with vampires like her, and so did I. It was possible to forget what had happened to Lestat by thinking about Europe. But we had another problem before we left for Europe. Oh, a great problem! It began with the musician. He had come while I was at the cathedral that evening, and the next night he came again. It was our last night in New Orleans. The next evening we were planning to get on the ship just before midnight. I went down to open the door to him myself, and his appearance shocked me. He was much thinner now and very pale. And he was miserable. When I told him that Lestat had gone away, at first he couldn't believe me. 'But why did he go?' the musician asked. I didn't understand what he needed from Lestat except money. 'He was my friend!' he cried. Then I saw something on his neck and asked him about it. 'I don't know what it is. The insects are everywhere,' he said, turning away from me. When he was gone, I told Claudia about the marks on his neck. She was sad. 'What do the marks mean?' she asked me. 'Did he feed on the boy when the boy slept?' I said that I was not sure. But I remembered how Lestat had told us that he knew a boy who would make a better vampire than Claudia. Had he planned to do that? Had he planned to make another one of us? It didn't matter now. We would say good-bye to New Orleans very soon."



"Everything was ready when I woke up the next evening. The casket was on its way to the ship. I was alone in the flat, waiting for Claudia to come back from the streets. She was my companion, my companion forever. But I was worried because she had been gone too long. I worried about her although many times she had asked strangers to bring her to her father who thanked them for it. When she came home that night, she was running. When I saw her, I knew that something was wrong. 'Louis, the doors!' she shouted. I shut the doors. 'What is it?' I asked her. 'Someone followed me,' she whispered. 'I could hear him street after street behind me. At first, I thought it was nothing. But it was the musician!' I tried to calm her down. I said that it didn't matter, that he must've seen her with Lestat before. 'Louis, look, he's down there! Look out the window!' she cried because she was so afraid. I looked out the window. I could see no one. 'There is no one, Claudia...' I started to whisper to her. And then I saw the musician."



"He was standing in the doorway, so I couldn't see him at first. Now he turned his face towards me, and it shone like a white light. He had become a vampire. 'I see him,' I whispered to Claudia. But at that same time as I looked at him, I heard footsteps in the hall. The steps were coming closer. Claudia screamed. The vampire outside did not move. And I knew the steps on the stairs. I knew these steps very well. It was Lestat. Lestat was pulling on the door, now knocking on it. Claudia moved into the corner of the room. And then I heard his voice. 'Louis!' he called to me. 'Louis!' Quickly, I took a kerosene lamp in my hand. 'Shut the window and light the other lamps, now,' I told Claudia. She did. Lestat broke the door and stood there. I stepped backwards when I saw him. I could hear Claudia's cry. Yes, it was Lestat, but his skin was covered in scars. 'Stay there or I'll burn you alive,' I said to him. And at the same moment I could hear a window breaking. I saw that it was the other vampire. I cannot tell you all that happened then. I threw the lamp at Lestat; it smashed at his feet, and the flames went up from the carpet. Then I was fighting with him. I heard Claudia's screams as she was fighting with another vampire. Another lamp was broken, and the curtains were on fire. The room became an inferno. The second vampire was lying on the floor in blood. What happened then is not clear to me. I think I grabbed a poker and gave Lestat one blow on the side of his head. Then I grabbed Claudia and ran down the hall and the stairs. The house was on fire. I remember that there was a great crowd of people outside. I had Claudia in my arms and was running past them all, not answering the questions. And then I was free with her, running, running, running until there was no sound around. And we stood there, the man and the child, in the quiet of night."



PART TWO



"All night long I stood on the deck of the French ship, watching the people who were getting on board. I was thinking about Lestat and his friend and if they survived the fire. If they did, then why didn't they come to the ship? I watched and watched. But Lestat did not come. Finally, the great ship began to move. The lights of New Orleans became smaller and soon disappeared. I was tired, and it was almost morning. Lestat was now far away from us. Even Claudia said to me, 'We're safe, Louis, safe,' and I whispered the word yes to her. But I could still see Lestat in the doorway, see his eyes, his scars. How had he come back? How had he fought with death? In a couple of days, some passengers of the ship had a strange 'fever.' At first, a passenger felt weakness. Sometimes there were marks on their necks or other parts of their bodies. And sometimes the passenger with this fever died in his sleep. Several passengers died while we were crossing the Atlantic Ocean. I pretended that I was afraid of fever and never joined the other passengers at dinner. I ate my 'meals' alone. But Claudia liked to watch the passengers, to stand on the deck and see them come and go in the early evening. During our voyage, Claudia studied the books, which she'd brought on board with her. These were the old tales about vampires of Eastern Europe. Once she told me, 'We should have burned him the first time. We were fools to think that he was dead.' I didn't want to talk about it, but I asked her, 'How did he survive?'

She gave me the answers then. 'Well, he stopped fighting us, but he was still alive. Just helpless. And maybe in the swamp waters he could move and catch a lizard or a frog. It gave him strength to get to the road where he then found someone to feed on,' she said. I thought about her words for a long time. Yes, that is what must have happened. 'But do you think that he would've died if we had burned him?' I asked Claudia. She said that she believed so because fire was like sunlight for us. 'Louis,' she said softly. 'You're afraid. But he deserved his death. He's dead now. No one could escape from that burning house after us. He's dead, and so is his friend.'"

The vampire sighed. "Do you want to ask me about anything?" the vampire asked the boy.

"No," the boy said quickly. "But I know that I shouldn't ask you any more questions. You'll tell me everything yourself."

The vampire nodded and continued.



"We crossed the Atlantic Ocean and got off the ship on a distant shore. Claudia had a plan, so at first we went to one village, then to another. I can't tell you the names of the places, but I remember that they were far from the coast. From there we traveled by carriage to Varna, a town in Bulgaria, in the heart of Eastern Europe. It was a strange country. Lonely, dark, rural. There were castles and ruins. We were lost in the many villages, and we were always in danger. Killing in New Orleans was easy. But here the simple country people believed in vampires. They knew us as devils. We traveled alone and fast and stayed at cheap inns, where I always found someone who spoke German or even French, and together we discussed old legends. But finally we came to the village which was a turning point in our travels. I will always remember the terrible events of that night."



"The village was strangely empty. It wasn't very late when we arrived there, but all the shutters were closed. There was only one small and lonely lantern on the inn. And there were other signs that something was wrong. Garbage was lying in the doorways. A small box of dead flowers was under a broken shop window. The place looked like there was some plague. We got out of the carriage and went into the inn. It was as if the whole village gathered there. There were men and women with children sitting around the fireplace, mostly peasants, except one red-haired man who was dressed like myself. He was a foreigner, like us. 'A room for the night!' I said in German. Everyone stared at us, but the foreigner didn't. 'The night's not the time for traveling. And with a child...' an older woman, the innkeeper, said to me in a strange voice. I took Claudia into my arms. She whispered, 'Louis, the garlic, the crucifix...' I had not noticed these things. There was a small crucifix above the fireplace, and a garland of garlic went around it and all around the room. The woman saw what I was looking at, and then she looked at me and said a prayer. Finally, the woman told me in German that I could stay there a night and brought us some wine and soup. But something else still bothered me: a smell. It was the smell of death. It was coming from a door at the bottom of the stairs. Suddenly, the red-haired foreigner turned to me and asked, 'Do you speak English?' He was a young man, sad and very drunk. 'Yes, I do,' I said to him. He smiled. 'Get out of this country,' he said. 'Get out of it now!' The innkeeper said calmly in German, 'At dawn you can go. At dawn.' I couldn't understand what was going on. 'But what is it?' I whispered to them. 'Won't you tell me?' The Englishman got up from his seat. 'Do you want to see?' he asked, looking into my eyes. 'Leave the child!' said the woman as I followed the Englishman to the door at the bottom of the stairs."



"There was a small room with only one candle burning. In the center of the room there was a table, and on that table lay the body of a pretty young woman. The Englishman went in and touched her hand. 'Do you know what they want to do with her?' he whispered to me. 'Do you have any idea?' The Englishman looked at the young woman, and his eyes filled with tears. The innkeeper came in behind us. 'You stop it now!' she said to him. The Englishman pointed to the dead woman's neck. There were two marks, which I'd seen a thousand times before. The Englishman was crying, and I was excited. I wanted to learn so much from him! The woman left, and I stayed with the Englishman. 'Do you want to tell me what happened?' I asked him. He nodded. 'I did this,' said the Englishman. 'I brought her here. I am a painter, you see. And this country is so beautiful.' Then he told me his story."



"Morgan and Emily, those were their names, were on a honeymoon and came here to see an old monastery. But they couldn't. Tragedy had been waiting for them. The regular coaches did not come this way, and Morgan had paid a farmer to bring them here by his cart. But when they arrived, there was something going on in the cemetery. The farmer stopped and didn't want to go further. There was some procession. All the people were dressed in their best clothes, and some were holding flowers. Morgan and Emily decided that they wanted to see it. The farmer left their bags and rode away. They could see that the village was not far, so there was nothing to worry about. Morgan asked Emily to sit on their suitcases and went closer to the cemetery to see the procession better. Soon he saw that it was not a procession at all. The people didn't even speak to him. The cemetery was full of fresh graves, and the peasants were standing still there, looking at two other men with a white horse. At some point one of the men - a leader - said some word and kicked the horse. The horse ran down the hill, but in a minute, it returned to the cemetery. It was walking through the old graves and back to the newer ones. And all the people stood there watching it. No one made a sound. Then the horse stopped right on one of the graves. Suddenly a cry came from the crowd, and then everything was quiet again. And the horse was just standing there. Finally, the leader shouted something to the others, and one of the women screamed and fell on the grave where the horse was standing. Morgan could see the gravestone, which said that it was a young woman, dead only six months. And then he saw what they wanted to do. A couple of men started digging that grave. Soon they got to the coffin and opened it. The people around the grave were shouting and crying, and some of them even tried to run away. Morgan moved closer and looked into the grave. Right there in that coffin was a dead woman, but she was as fresh and pink as if she were alive. She had been buried for six months, but she lay there as if she were asleep. Then the men took a wooden stake and drove it with a hammer right into her chest. After that they cut her head off."



"I looked at Morgan but said nothing. I was shocked by the story as much as he was. Then I looked down and saw Claudia. She was staring at Morgan, and I understood that she had been in the room for some time. Slowly, Morgan said, 'It's what they want to do with Emily! But I won't let them.' I asked him to calm down and tell me what had happened then. He said that the people were going to bum that dead woman right there in the cemetery. He and Emily wanted to leave, but they couldn't find a carriage to take them out of there. 'But how did they explain it to you?' I asked him. 'Vampires!' he cried. 'Vampires, Louis. Can you believe that?' So, he told me, they stayed at the inn. All the doors and windows were locked! Then it was morning, and they were all shouting, and Emily was gone. The window was open wide, and she wasn't there. They soon found her lying on the ground behind the inn. Dead."



"Morgan was tired after telling the story, and he laid his head on the table next to his dead wife. Then the innkeeper woman came to the door. She saw him, drunk, asleep. 'You go now,' she said to me. Some people crowded around her, men and women. 'What are you going to do? This woman is dead!' I told her. 'Don't do it. Hunt your vampires if you know where these vampires come from!' She shook her head. 'It's the old ruins,' she said. 'It was always the old monastery ruins. But you go now back to the fire. Because if you don't, we'll kick you out into the night now!' Then I saw that she was holding a wooden stake. 'Yes,' I said to her. 'I would prefer that.' I walked past her, went to the inn door, and opened it quickly. 'No!' cried the woman in German. 'You're mad!' Claudia was following me. 'Where is the old monastery?' I asked the woman calmly. 'How far? Is it to the left or to the right?' Finally, I got the answers. The woman also gave me a small crucifix for my protection. The door shut, leaving Claudia and me in total darkness."



"We drove our carriage through the night in a hurry, waiting to meet the thing which had killed Emily, the thing which was definitely one of us. 'There, Louis, do you see it?' Claudia cried. The moon came out, and in its light, we saw a tower on the hill. 'Do you think he knows that we're coming?' I asked her. 'Don't you feel the danger?' We got out of the carriage and started walking towards it through the forest. Something whispered in the dark like the wind, but it wasn't. Claudia, who was walking in front of me, stopped. But it was just water in a stream. I listened, but there were no other sounds. And then I understood that the night was too quiet, too dead. 'Do you feel it?' I whispered to Claudia. 'It's too quiet.' The walls of the monastery were low and the tower was high. Far behind it, there were mountains. 'Come,' Claudia said to me. Soon we found an opening in the wall and saw stairs, which went up to some rooms. Claudia was standing still, listening. And I was listening with her. The moon shone through the windows. Then Claudia moved suddenly. 'Do you hear it?' she whispered. 'Listen.' The sound was so low that no mortal could have heard it. And it did not come from the monastery. It came from the other side of the hill, from the village. I heard someone's footsteps. My heart was beating fast. We hid under the stairs and waited. Then I smelled something familiar. It was blood, the warm and sweet blood of a mortal. The footsteps were closer and closer to the walls. But with them came another sound, the sound of two beating hearts, one of which was as strong as my own. Then, in the opening through which we'd come, I saw him."



"He was a big man, poorly dressed, and on his shoulder he was carrying a body. I couldn't see his face. He walked towards the tower. I was ready to step forward to meet him, but then I saw that his eyes did not see me as I saw him. He was a mindless creature. He stopped for a moment, and at that moment, I stepped from the wall and went towards him. I didn't say a word. I didn't know what to say. I moved into the light of the moon before him, and I saw his eyes. For one moment, he looked at me, and I saw the light shining in his eyes and on two sharp teeth. Then he dropped the human to the ground and attacked me, and we fought. Claudia screamed behind him. Something hit his head hard, which stopped him suddenly; and then he was hit again. I jumped on him. We rolled over and over, until more stones hit him on the head, and finally he stopped moving. This is how we met the European vampire, the creature of the Old World. And he was dead."



"For a long time I lay on the ground, just looking at his body. Claudia stood at his feet like a white statue. I saw how she closed her eyes for a moment. 'Claudia,' I called her. She looked at me and pointed to the human who lay near the wall of the tower. I knew that he was not dead, and I knew what was going to happen to him. Claudia walked to him, and I got up and followed her. For a moment, I did not realize who it was. But then I saw that it was Morgan. His face was pale, and there were marks on his neck. Suddenly, he opened his eyes and saw me. 'Louis!' he whispered. I saw that he was smiling. I turned and ran away from him. At first Claudia ran after me, crying, 'Wait! We need to feed! Do you see the color of the sky?' I did not stop, and then she went back to Morgan."



"I was already near the forest when she returned. 'Go to him, take him,' she told me. But I did not. 'Listen to me, Louis,' she said angrily. 'I left him for you, but he's dying... there's no time.' I took her into my arms and walked through the forest. The sky was a dark blue when I found our carriage. We needed to hurry. 'Give me the crucifix,' I shouted to Claudia when we drove towards the village. 'There's only one place to go.' I had a strange feeling when I saw the mist rising around the dark brown trees. The air was cold and fresh, and the birds began to sing. The sun would rise soon, but I did not care. I knew that it was not rising, that there was still time. Soon we saw the gray inn and the village church. I knocked on the door of the inn and it opened. 'Your village is free from the vampire!' I said to the woman who stared at me. I was holding the crucifix, which she'd given me. 'Thank God he's dead. You'll find the body in the tower. Tell this to your people.' I walked into the inn and asked the men there to help me get my casket from the carriage. When they gave us a room, I closed the shutters on the window and locked the door. I caught a rat there, fed on it and fell asleep. And that was how it was in Transylvania' and Hungary and Bulgaria, and all those countries where the people know the legends of the vampires. In every village where we met a vampire, it was the same mindless creature."



"A mindless creature?" the boy asked the vampire.

"Yes. Always," he answered. "When we found these creatures, sometimes we only watched them from a distance. In one village, it was a woman. She ran away from us."

"But what were these creatures? Why were they like this?" asked the boy. "I don't understand. How could they be so different from you and Claudia?"



"Well, I had my theories, and Claudia had hers. But I often thought that we had killed the only other vampire like us, Lestat. Was it possible? I wanted to forget him, but I couldn't. I wanted him to be alive! But Claudia was a more practical person. She often asked me to tell her about that night in the hotel in New Orleans when she'd become a vampire. She wanted to know what had made those mindless creatures. That was what she couldn't explain, and it still gave her hope to find a vampire like us. Once, when we were near Vienna, she asked me the questions, which she had never asked me before: 'Why couldn't I do what Lestat had done? Why couldn't I make another vampire?' At first, I didn't even understand her. You see, I didn't understand that there was some strength in me. I was lonely, but still I killed strangers. I didn't give them another life. I turned away from Claudia. I couldn't answer her. But then she asked me another - more difficult - question. 'Tell me, Louis,' she said, 'why do you think that you've never done it? Are you sure that you haven't made monsters? Think about it: what do you need to make those creatures? What if some drops of your blood mix with a man's blood? And if the mortal heart is strong, then...' She was watching me. 'Stop it,' I asked her. 'I tell you that it has never happened! Lestat took all my blood to make me a vampire, and then he gave me back all that blood mixed with his own. That is how it was done!' But soon I began to understand that our journey had been wrong from the start. We didn't need Vienna. We needed our language, our people. So we went to Paris'."





PART THREE



"I think that Paris brought me back to life. I forgot myself. I forgot all the questions, all the troubles, and so did Claudia. We were alive again. We were in love with this city. We lived in one of the largest hotels in Europe, renting its best rooms. Our windows looked out over the boulevard, which led to the Opera House. Crowds of tourists passed in the streets. The hotel gave us freedom, and our night activities went unnoticed. But soon Claudia began to change. She began buying many beautiful things. 'This is my world,' she told me. 'I must have it as I like.' So she chose expensive wallpaper, furniture, mirrors, paintings, marble lamps, velvet and silk. I liked living there. We walked along the banks of the Seine, read books, and played cards. There was no darkness in Paris and no vampires. But something was wrong with Claudia. 'Are you happy?' I asked her, and she always said yes. Now she wanted many rings and bracelets that children did not wear; she wanted perfume and gloves. We walked into shops, and she pointed her finger at the things that she liked. I bought them for her. Often she bought them herself. Then she didn't look like a 'lost child' anymore. She looked strange, even shocking, so I worried about her. I worried about us."



"And then one night, when I woke up, she was gone. I couldn't ask anyone about her. I looked for her in the hotel and in the streets. But then I finally saw her coming through the doors. She passed me as if she hadn't seen me at all. When I came into our rooms, I saw something in her arms. It was a small doll. Still she said nothing to me; she was playing with the doll. 'It's a doll,' she said, looking at me. 'See? A lady doll. A woman made it. She makes baby dolls, but I said to her that I wanted a lady doll.' I still couldn't understand why the doll was so important. 'Do you know why she made it for me?' she asked. I was thinking what to say to her. 'Because you are a beautiful child, and she wanted to make you happy,' I finally said. She laughed. 'A beautiful child?' she said, looking at me. 'Is that what you think I am?' And her face looked sad when she played with the doll. 'Yes, I look like her baby dolls; I am her baby doll. Why do you look away, Louis? Why don't you look at me? Did you think that I'd be your daughter forever?' I saw that she was angry, and I didn't know how to make her happy. I remember that I said goodnight to her and went out to the banks of the Seine. I wanted darkness. I wanted to hide from Claudia, from her questions and my feelings. I wanted to make her happy, but I just didn't know how. I was walking through the older and darker streets of the city, turning the comers, thinking, I cannot make her happy. I do not make her happy. Her unhappiness is bigger every day. I understood that I was helpless, and she was helpless, too. But she was stronger than I was. And I knew that she loved me."



"And then something happened. Suddenly, I felt that someone was following me. At first, I thought that it was Claudia. But the footsteps were too heavy for her. Then I thought that it was just some mortal, walking behind me right into his death So I continued walking. But soon I noticed that the footsteps matched my own. Was it just a coincidence? I stopped, and they stopped. I started walking again, and they started walking, too. I went faster, and they went faster, too. To the right and to the left the street was dark. The stranger was too far, and I couldn't see him, so he couldn't see me either. I was shocked because I understood that the footsteps were not human, but I didn't know what to do. I wanted to call this creature and welcome it. But I was afraid and continued walking. I turned a corner, and there was some light in the street. All was quiet behind me now."

"I was standing near the wall of some house, listening, waiting. And when I turned to go, I saw a figure of another vampire at the end of the street. He was tall, and his long white face was very bright under the streetlamp. His large black eyes were staring at me. Then I noticed that he looked like me, was dressed like me, and copied every move I made. He was like my reflection in the mirror. 'Clever,' I said, and, of course, he repeated my word. I smiled and he smiled, but his eyes were still cold. I stepped forward and so did he. For some time, we stood staring at each other. But then he started laughing. I understood that he was laughing at me, and I hated him for that. I turned and started walking away from him. But in a moment he already stood before me. Again, I turned my back on him - and then saw him under the streetlamp. He moved so fast! I couldn't even see it. I only felt it. 'I've been looking for you! I've come to Paris, looking for you!' I said, but he only stood staring at me. Then he moved forward slowly and very suddenly pushed me, so I almost fell. I turned to him, and he pushed me harder. I cannot describe to you how strong he was! But something in me said, Show him your power! So I tried to grab him, but he disappeared. I stood there looking around, alone, feeling like a fool. This was some test, and I knew it. Suddenly, he appeared again, pushing and kicking me. I finally grabbed his leg, and he fell. But soon he freed himself and grabbed me. He lifted me into the air. Really, he was very strong. I couldn't see anything, and then I felt that someone else had come between us, someone who was fighting him now, trying to save me."



"I fell to the ground, and when I looked up, only for a second I saw two figures. Then they were gone, and the night was empty. I sat, staring around me and into the sky. Slowly, a figure appeared from the darkness of the wall above me. I could see his dark-red hair and his white face - a strange face with large dark eyes that were looking at me. 'Are you all right?' he whispered. I was more than all right. I was on my feet, ready to fight. But the figure didn't move. Then, slowly, he handed me a card. I didn't move to take it. 'Come to us, tomorrow night,' he whispered. 'I won't harm you, and I won't let the others harm you either.' He put the card into my hand and disappeared."

"I knew that I was alone now. I could feel it. My heart was beating fast when I stood under the streetlamp, reading that card. The address I knew very well because I had been to theaters before. But the name was shocking: Theatre des Vampires, and the time was 9 p.m. I turned the card over and read: Bring the little beauty with you. You are very welcome. Armand. I understood that Armand must've been the person who gave me the card. I had only a very short time to get to the hotel and to tell Claudia about these things before morning, so I ran back."

"The next night at the Theatre des Vampires the doorman checked my card while a line of mortals waited behind me and Claudia. We were excited, but this night was not for killing. This was a night of changes. I was sure. We took our seats and waited for the show to begin. The lights were turned off, and the musicians started playing a melody. The curtain rose, and on the stage we saw a dark figure - a vampire - with a mask of Death and a silver scythe. People in the audience started whispering. An old woman appeared on the stage. She was running after Death, and Death was running away from her. The audience started laughing. I did not like it. I did not like the laughter. I could see the other figures on the stage now, all looking for Death. Finally, there was a beautiful young woman standing alone on the stage. She was tall, with golden hair. She was lost and not a vampire. She could not see anything in the light, but we all could see her. The figure of Death came closer to her. He played a pantomime of Death in love. People in the audience applauded, and I saw that Death was the same vampire who had attacked me in the street. I touched Claudia's hand in the dark, but she sat still."



"The woman on the stage moved back from the vampire, and I saw the tears in her eyes. Behind her a group of men and women vampires appeared, moving closer and closer. Their faces were beautiful, and their eyes were shining. Death turned to the audience. But it was the young woman who spoke first. 'I don't want to die,' she whispered. 'But we all die,' Death answered her. She turned. 'Help me!' she cried to the crowd. 'Someone, please.' Claudia laughed. The woman on the stage didn't understand where she was and what was happening. 'I don't want to die!' she cried again. 'We all die,' Death answered her again. 'No,' she protested. 'I have so many years, so many...' Death laughed. 'Years!' said the vampire. 'How do you know that you have so many years? Death can come anytime! And if you live a long life, what would you get? The gray hair and wrinkled face of an old woman!' The woman turned to him. 'Let me live, please. I don't care. I don't care.' Death walked around the stage, as if thinking. 'Let's say that someone else must die in your place. Who will it be? Can you choose a person for us? Do you have a sister, a mother, a child, or a friend? Choose!' The woman couldn't. 'Death waits for you everywhere. Do you know what it means to be loved by Death?' the vampire asked. She looked at him with fear. And then she saw the figure of another vampire who appeared slowly from the shadows. Was he the one who gave me the card? I understood that the woman on the stage had no chances to live. The other vampire moved towards her. I wanted to cry, to save her, but at the same time, I wanted to feed on her myself. The second vampire turned his back to the audience, opened his arms, and hugged her. The woman cried when his teeth touched her neck. He lifted her while he drank. I felt sick. The circle of vampires was around them now. The woman was passed from one to another, right before the eyes of the crowd. Then one by one, the vampires started leaving the stage. The woman's body was taken away. Soon all the vampires were gone, and the music stopped. For a moment, the audience sat still. Then they started applauding."

"Soon all the people left, and the theater was empty. Only Claudia and I were sitting in our chairs. Suddenly, I felt that someone was near. I couldn't see or hear him. But there he was, standing at the end of the hall, looking at us, that vampire from the stage. Now I knew that he really was the vampire who had given me the invitation to the theater. Armand. I cannot describe him to you. I trusted him immediately. I felt that he knew what I was doing, and he knew many other things. I put my hand on Claudia's shoulder. 'We've been looking for you for a very long time,' I said to him. Claudia said nothing. He didn't answer, but showed us to follow him. We walked down the stairs and into a room under the theater. The room was big and dark. A small figure, a young boy, appeared from somewhere and gave Armand a lit candle. Now I could see the room and the other vampire better. He said something to the young boy who then calmly came up to me and offered me his neck. Never before had I seen this: a mortal wanted to give me his life. Then I saw marks on his neck. I grabbed and bit him but suddenly saw that my arms were empty. The taste of his blood was still in my mouth. I turned to Armand, confused, but he only smiled."

"Then I felt that we were not alone there. Other vampires were moving in the shadows. Someone touched me suddenly, pushed me so hard that I almost fell, and I saw the thin face of the first vampire from the stage. I think that I saw him move, and then I did not see him move because he did it so fast. Armand stepped between us. For a moment, we stood still like statues, staring at each other. I cannot say how long we stood there like this or what happened next. I was like in a dream because I hit the wall and fell. Claudia was near me, speaking to someone in a quiet voice. I felt blood on my face. 'Come with me,' said Armand. I heard his words, but his lips didn't seem to move. Claudia helped me to get up, and then we were walking, the three of us, down the stairs, deeper under the city. Soon we came to a small room with a fire burning in a fireplace. I saw a long wall of books, a wooden desk, a coffin, and a picture of Satan above the fireplace. The mortal boy, whose name was Denis, was sleeping on the bed. But there was something disturbing about the room, and I didn't know what it was. I didn't really know what was wrong with me. I didn't know what I feared now and why I wanted to run away from there. I looked at Claudia, who was sitting in a chair, looking at the other vampire."

"'You've come from so far, you've traveled for so long,' the vampire said to us. 'My name is Armand, and I sent Santiago to give you the invitation. I know your names. I welcome you to my house.' I found the strength to speak, and I told him that we had feared that we were alone in this world. 'But how did you become vampires then?' he asked. Claudia's hand moved slightly, and she looked at his face and then at mine. I saw this, and he must have seen it, too. I knew what she wanted to tell me. 'You don't want to answer,' said Armand calmly. Then I asked him if he was the leader of the group, the master vampire. 'Not really,' he answered. 'But if there was a leader here, I would be the one.' I told him that all I wanted to know was from what or from whom the vampires started. I wanted to know if it was Satan. I pointed to the picture on the wall. 'That? No, it is just a picture and nothing else,' Armand said. I don't know what he thought of my questions because he was so calm. 'Then we are not... the children of Satan?' I asked him. He laughed a little. 'How could we be the children of Satan?' he said. 'Do you believe that Satan made this world around you?' I shook my head. 'Then if God made this world, He also made Satan, whose power comes from God. Satan is simply God's child, and we are God's children, too. There are no children of Satan, really.' I couldn't hide my feelings at this moment. I knew that Armand was a master vampire. I respected him. But I couldn't understand his calmness, his indifference. I sat in the chair, looking at that picture of the devil. 'I understand how you feel,' Armand said. 'I saw you in the theater. I saw your sympathy for that girl. I saw your sympathy for my boy Denis when I offered him to you. You die when you kill because you think that you deserve to die.' I nodded and said, 'That is because I'm evil! I've killed many times and will do it again, like the other vampires. And my life is dark and empty!'"

"I didn't know that I thought about these things. I spoke them now as my thoughts and looked at Armand. 'I don't know if there is God,' I said to him. 'And what if... there's no God.' He was watching me with his dark eyes. 'Then there's no sin,' he said. 'And no evil.' I told him that it was not true. Because if there's no God, then we're the highest creatures in the universe. Only we could understand the time and its value for the human life. Taking a human life is evil because if there's no God, then this life is all that mortal people have. He stood up and looked at Claudia who did not ask any questions. She was waiting for him to say something. But I understood now when they looked at each other that they had the same calmness which I never had. They were looking at each other without a word. When he turned to me again, I saw that he knew that Claudia did not share my idea of evil. 'You're right,' Armand said. 'This is the only real evil.' It shocked me. 'Then there's no God?' I asked him, losing my last hope. He said that he had no knowledge of God, and that no vampire ever talked with God or with the devil. 'As I know today, after four hundred years, I am the oldest vampire in the world,' he added. I stared at him, shocked. So it was what I had always feared: our life was lonely and hopeless, and it would go on and on till the end of times."



"Suddenly, Armand moved closer to me and looked right into my eyes. 'This evil, this idea, where does it come from? Children of Satan! Children of God! Is this the only question you want to ask me? Is this the only thing that worries you? How can you still believe in these old fantasies, these myths, these supernatural lies?' he asked me angrily. I stood up, slightly away from him. 'Are you mad?' I asked, angry myself. 'We stand here, the two of us, immortal, feeding every night on human blood, and you ask me how I can believe in the supernatural? I tell you, after becoming what I have become, I can believe anything! Can't you? And now I can see the most fantastical truth of all: that there is no meaning to any of this!' With these words, I went to the door, away from his face, away from that room, and away from Claudia."



"I wanted to leave the theater and walk the streets of Paris for a while. I was thinking about Lestat. I realized that he was lost like all of us. He knew nothing, and there was nothing to know. Tired, I finally sat on those dark steps that led to the first big room, the parlor. Something in my mind said, Sleep. And then it said, Dream. I wanted to free myself, to go to the hotel, but for some reason I couldn't. And again I thought that what we had done to Lestat was wrong, that I had hated him for the wrong reasons. I must've whispered it because at that moment a voice asked me: 'How is this so? What did you do wrong?' I turned around. A vampire was sitting near me. It was the vampire who had attacked me in the street. The vampire whom Armand had called Santiago. He was staring at me, waiting for my answer. 'It doesn't matter,' I said to him calmly. 'But you said a name. I heard you say a name,' he said. The fear in me was rising. 'A name that I don't want to say again,' I answered, looking away from him. I saw now how he'd fooled me: he was hiding in my shadow, and it was slightly disturbing. Everything about him was disturbing, and I felt that I couldn't trust him. Armand, I thought, was telling me the truth. But this vampire was a liar. And I could feel his power. 'You come to Paris looking for us, and then you sit alone on the stairs,' he said to me in a kind voice, pulling me up slowly. 'Why don't you come to us? Why don't you talk to us about this person whose name you spoke? I know who it was. I know the name.' I felt that he was lying. He didn't know; he couldn't. 'It was a mortal,' I said to him, trying not to think that this creature could read my thoughts and know about Lestat's death. 'I came here to be alone, so please leave me alone.'"

"At that moment the door of Armand's room opened, and Santiago let me go. I was standing there when Armand appeared at the bottom of the stairs with Claudia in his arms. She looked sleepy and saw nothing around her, and I remember that I noticed this, but I didn't know what to think of it. I quickly took her from Armand, who then pushed Santiago away with his arm. He fell backwards, but got up again and ran up the stairs. Armand ran after him. All this happened so fast that I could only see the end when Armand was standing there alone. I went up to him. 'You cannot leave the theater tonight,' he whispered to me. 'He is suspicious, and he wants to know you better for our safety. But I must warn you: do not answer any questions.'"



"With Claudia in my arms, I followed Armand into the dark parlor where the others gathered like marble statues. I found one of the chairs and sat in it. Claudia seemed to wake up. She whispered something, which I didn't understand. I wanted to talk with her now, but I saw that the tall vampire, Santiago, was watching us. His eyes were moving slowly from us to Armand. Some women vampires were standing around Armand. I saw how he turned and kissed them each. Estelle and Celeste are the names that I remember. These beautiful women came up to me and played with Claudia and spoke to her as if she were a child. I was looking at the vampires around me, thinking that the vampire life in Paris was a disappointment, with that little stage in the theater above us. Santiago came near to talk about our rooms in the hotel. He said that they were very unsafe. 'Come here!' he said to me. 'Live with us. We have our guards. Your voice... I know that accent. Speak again and tell me where you come from!'"



"The vampires around us were still talking. Estelle was explaining to Claudia that black was the color for a vampire's clothes and hair because it mixed well with the night. She laughed, and Celeste laughed, and Santiago laughed, and the whole room was laughing. And I realized that all of them had black hair. Only Armand's hair was red. This was disturbing, too. I walked away from them to one of the mirrors and stood there watching them all in it. They were dull, dull, dull. But I was also watching Claudia because it seemed that her eyes were sleepy and empty again as before. She looked away. At that moment, I thought about Lestat. Had he been here? If yes, then why had he left? My head was spinning, and I wanted to get away from these vampires. Only Armand held me there. He seemed to be a part of them, but I knew that he wasn't. I wanted to get away from the theater together with him."



"Suddenly, I heard how Claudia asked, 'But is there any crime among you?' Her eyes looked into my eyes in the mirror while I stood with my back to her. 'Boredom is a crime! ' cried Estelle, and everyone laughed. But Santiago said, 'Yes, there is a crime. A crime that means death to any vampire who does it. Do you know what that is?' He looked from Claudia to me and back again. 'You should know because you keep secrets about the vampire who made you.' The room became quiet as all the white faces turned to Santiago. 'And why is that?' Claudia asked him. Santiago didn't answer. He appeared behind me and put his hand on my shoulder. 'Do you know what that crime is? Didn't your vampire master tell you? It is to kill one of your own!' Claudia laughed loudly. She walked up to me, took my hand and said, 'Imagine that! Master vampire! Come, Louis, let's go!' Santiago was standing still, and Armand shouted to us, 'You're welcome tomorrow night! And the night after!'"



"In the street the rain was falling. Paris looked lonely, but beautiful. The sky was already pale, so we hurried to our hotel. 'I don't like them,' Claudia said to me. 'I've looked everywhere for them, and now I don't like them!' Our hotel rooms were warm. I thought that the other vampires couldn't touch us there, but I knew that it was a lie, a foolish lie. 'I am in danger, danger!' Claudia cried angrily. We both were in danger. But how can they know what we did to Lestat? 'Would you leave me for Armand?' Claudia asked me suddenly. I said that I would never leave her because I loved her. 'Love?' she said. 'What do you mean by love? You would leave me because he wants you as his companion, and you want him, too. He's been waiting for you.' I shook my head and went to check the doors. They were locked, but they would not stop those vampires. I turned to her and asked her to forgive me because she was right. But I loved her, always loved her. And then she said, 'Do you know what he told me without speaking a word? Do you know that he put me in a trance?' I couldn't believe it, but I remembered how confused I felt, and how sleepy she looked among the other vampires in the rooms under the theater. 'He said that I should die!' she whispered. 'That I should let you go.' I didn't want to hear it, but she continued. 'He takes life out of me,' she said. 'He takes life out of that boy, too. He wants to get you, and he doesn't want me to be in his way. You're blind. You like his knowledge, his power. But if you knew how he drinks death, you'd hate him more than you hated Lestat! We must never go back to him. I'm telling you: I'm in danger!'"



"Early the next night I left her in our room. I was sure that among the vampires of the theater I could trust only Armand. I waited for the crowd to leave and entered the theater. I passed a few vampires in the parlor and walked to Armand's open door. He saw me and asked me to come in and sit down. He was busy with his mortal boy, who was sitting at the table, eating meat and fish. He was still weak from last night, but his skin looked pink and healthy. 'You told me not to say anything about myself, but why?' I asked, looking at Armand. He looked into my eyes. 'Did you kill this vampire who made you? Is that why you are here without him? Is that why you don't say his name? Santiago thinks that you did.' He said that he wouldn't do anything to us, but he couldn't stop the others because he was not their real leader. And the others could destroy us. 'But why does Santiago suspect us?' I asked. Armand was quiet for a moment, thinking. 'You are too silent,' he finally said. 'There are fifteen vampires in this house, and they trust each other. But you are different. You feel too much, and you think too much. And then there is this mystery child: a child who can never grow up. I wouldn't make a vampire of that boy because he is too young. What vampire made her, they ask? Did you make her? So, you see, you have a secret, and you are silent. How can they trust you?' I sat thinking about what he had said. I wanted to ask him about the things that Claudia had told me, but I saw his eyes, and his eyes said, Live. His eyes said, Learn. Oh, how much I wanted to ask him about all the other things that I didn't understand! 'Listen to me,' he said now. 'You must stay away from them. I have stopped them for now, but I cannot stop them forever because if I do this, I will have enemies. But I want peace. You must stay away. Celeste has a lot of power because she is one of the oldest. She is jealous of the child's beauty. And Santiago, as you can see, is only waiting for his moment.' I turned slowly and looked at him again. I heard his words and understood that he didn't like it there. Together we could travel the world and live in peace. I wanted it to be like this. If Claudia were safe among these vampires and free from any crime, then I would be free, too. Free to do what I wanted to do."



"I looked at Armand and felt love. Not the physical love, you must understand. For vampires, the physical love is only one thing - the kill. I speak of another kind of love. I wanted him to be my teacher, which Lestat had never been. Armand would give me knowledge, I knew it. I was wondering if he knew my thoughts, if he could read them. Now after all these years I could forgive Lestat who couldn't give me anything. But I was also sad. Claudia was waiting for me. Claudia, who was my daughter and my love. 'What should I do?' I whispered. 'Go away from them? Go away from you? After all these years?' Then Armand asked me what I wanted to do. He said that he could not read my thoughts, but he felt my loneliness and my love for the child. I stood up and walked to the door. 'Please keep them away from us,' I said, but I couldn't look back at him. He said, 'Don't go there.' Then he gave me a key to the back door. 'Let me tell you this,' he whispered. 'Use the power inside you. Don't hide it anymore. And when they see you in the streets, use that power to make a mask on your face and think, Beware. And when your eyes meet Santiago's eyes, or the eyes of any other vampire, think, Beware. Remember what I say and come here, to me, when you can.'"

"I took the key from him and left. The door led into a dark side street behind the theater. The streets of Paris were still wet with rain. I passed our hotel and went on. I was thinking that I loved Claudia as much as I loved Armand. A man was walking towards me out of the mist. I can remember that he was drunk, walking into the arms of death. I followed him. Beware, I thought, beware. Then I fed on him in one of the darker streets. 'I am mortal again,' I whispered to him before his eyes closed. 'I am alive. With your blood I am alive.' A mortal Louis. Can you imagine? I think I was laughing and crying then. I had told Armand that I killed and would kill again and again."



"When I came back to the hotel, at first I didn't see Claudia, but I felt that someone else was in the room. I turned my head slowly and saw a woman there. She was sitting calmly at the table, and Claudia was brushing her hair. She sat so still, so without fear. She had dark-red hair and a pale face, and she was looking at me with two calm eyes, smiling. 'Yes, he's just like you told me,' the woman whispered, 'and I love him already.' I looked at Claudia, beginning to understand what was happening. 'Madeleine,' she said quietly to the woman, 'Louis is shy.' Then Madeleine got up and came closer to me, so I could see two small marks on her neck. 'Drink,' the woman said. I turned away from her because I couldn't find words. But then Claudia came up to me and looked into my eyes. 'Do it, Louis,' she asked. 'Because I cannot do it. I'm too small! Do it!' I wanted to leave them, but Claudia held me, and I felt pity for her. There were tears in her eyes. I wanted to touch her and say to her that it was impossible. The mortal woman sat into one of the chairs by the fire. I turned to her. 'How do you see us?' I asked her. She looked at Claudia and then looked up at me. 'I am asking you... how do you see us? Do you think that we are beautiful? Magical? You tell me to drink, but you have no idea what you are asking for!'"



"But Claudia did not let me finish. 'How dare you!' she whispered. 'How dare you make this decision for both of us! Do you know how I hate you for that? Don't you look away from me! You understand nothing. You cannot be evil, and I must suffer for it? I tell you, I will not!' I stepped back from her. 'You two took me from the mortals! Look what you've done! Fathers!' she cried. 'Monsters! You gave me immortality, but I still look like a child! Now, you give her to me. You do this, or I do not want to live with this anymore! I will not!' She was crying. I wanted to hug her, but I could not touch her. I could not even say her name. 'Oh,' she shook her head. 'But I still love you! I never loved Lestat. But you! I love you, and I hate you!' She went into the arms of Madeleine who hugged her. She was whispering to Claudia, 'Don't cry, don't cry.' And there they sat together: a mortal woman holding a vampire child that she loved."



"When Claudia stopped crying, she looked at me and asked Madeleine to leave us. Madeleine did not move. She was confused. She looked like that young woman on the stage of the Theatre des Vampires who did not know where she was. Then Claudia went to another room and came back with a large doll. I looked at it. It was a doll, a little girl with black hair and green eyes. Claudia gave the doll to Madeleine. 'Lie down,' Claudia said to her, pointing to the couch in another room. Claudia was whispering, telling Madeleine to wait, to be still. Then she closed the door and came up to me. 'All you've said to me is true,' I said to Claudia. 'I understand why you hate me.' At first, she didn't answer. She looked at me with her sad eyes, and I thought how beautiful she was. 'You know,' she said calmly. 'You could have killed me then. Do you want to do it now?' I was shocked. I put my arm around her and moved her closer to me. 'Are you mad?' I asked softly. But she was serious. 'I want you to do it,' she said. 'Drink the blood out of me drop by drop, and my heart will stop. I am small. It will be easy. You can crush me like a flower. Don't you understand what is happening? That master vampire is killing me. But if you give Madeleine to me, she can care for me like for a child! Then we can leave you! I am fighting for my life!' This was madness. 'Don't make me a part of this death,' I cried. 'I will not make her one of us! I don't want more mortals to die because of her. I will not do it!' If only she could understand that! But at the same time I felt it. I felt her pain. She had shown it to me after all these years! Oh, Lestat would've laughed at us! The child whom I made a vampire was in pain, and her pain was my pain, too."

"Claudia went to another room. She left me alone with my thoughts, and I liked the silence. I opened the window and looked at the night city. I am alone, I was thinking. I am alone. Could I be forever alone? Would it give me peace? Then I made a decision. I moved silently through the rooms until I saw that mortal woman sleeping on the couch, still holding the doll. I sat down on the couch, and she opened her eyes. I could feel that somewhere in the dark the vampire child was watching me, waiting. 'Will you care for her, Madeleine?' I asked. She said yes. 'What do you think she is? A doll?' I asked her. She was looking at me. 'A child who can't die. That's what she is,' she said, opening a little locket on a chain around her neck. 'My daughter,' she whispered. 'She died.' The face of a little girl in the locket looked just like Claudia's face. And I said to her, 'Did you love this child?' I will never forget her face then. 'Yes,' she answered."



"'Hold me now,' I said to Madeleine. 'And listen to the beating of my heart. In your mind say again and again, I will live.' She nodded and put her hands around my neck. 'Look at the light, don't look away, not even for a second, and say, I will live,' I told her and bit her neck. As I sucked her blood, I was watching her eyes. 'The lamp,' I whispered, 'look at it!' Her heart was slowing, stopping, and her eyes were dull. I bit my wrist and then held it to her mouth. 'Drink it, drink,' I said to her. But she lay as if dead. Then she slowly opened her eyes, and I felt that she began to drink. After a while, I pulled away from her. She was staring at me, and I could see the blood in her open mouth. At first, she fell back, then she lifted herself from the couch and started turning round and round, as if she was dancing to the music. She went to the mirror and stared into her own eyes. Claudia came into the room. I was watching them together, waiting. They were dancing, but soon Madeleine's skin became pale in the golden light of the lamps. She felt weak and sat on the floor. 'Louis,' Claudia called me. 'Louis, what is happening to her?' I saw that her child's mind couldn't remember it. 'She is dying,' I whispered to her. 'But the blood was strong, and she will live.' I walked closer to Madeleine who was crying. 'It's mortal death, only mortal death,' I said to her softly. 'Do you see the sky? We must go to sleep now. The sleep will be like death. But when you wake up, you will be immortal.' I turned to Claudia. 'We are even now,' I told her. She smiled. 'Because you see,' I said to her calmly, 'what has died tonight in this room was not that woman. She will be dying for many nights, maybe years. What has died in this room tonight was the last human part in me.'"



The vampire stopped, waiting for the boy to change the tape again. The boy did it quickly, and in a moment, the vampire continued his story.



"One night, when she was burning that doll with dark hair in our fireplace, Madeleine told us that she wanted to burn her doll shop. The dolls that she was making were all copies of her dead child. 'It means nothing to me now,' she said and looked at Claudia with loving eyes. Madeleine killed men and women with passion of a mad woman. But I still did not realize how mad she was. I was just beginning to understand her magic. From other toyshops, she bought Claudia small chairs, a bed, a table, and teacups. She created a small world for Claudia in which the child looked like a grown woman among the furniture of the right size. I felt like Gulliver among Lilliputians. I was a stranger to her now. I taught Madeleine about killing and vampire life, and while doing it, I realized that I had really changed. If I had loved the human part of me, then what did I feel for Armand? The creature for whom I'd changed Madeleine, for whom I had wanted to be free? I wanted to visit him, but I did not. I did not dare. What if I had lost everything with my human part that night? What if I had become as evil as Lestat? Sometimes Madeleine asked us to go and see the performance of the Theatres des Vampires. She promised to protect Claudia. But Claudia always said, 'Not yet, not now.' Madeleine was a young vampire, and she did not understand anything about death. She was violent, passionate, and I hated myself for making her a vampire. But at the same time I did not care. I loved them both. Or maybe I hated them both. I understood for the first time in my life what Claudia felt when she said that she hated and loved me. Just like me, she felt almost nothing."



"It was a week before we went with Madeleine to burn her doll shop. We were walking in the street when we saw a big fire. People were running around, and Madeleine quickly moved into the crowd. And I remember how Claudia ran after her, leaving me behind. A ribbon fell from her hair. I wanted to pick that ribbon, but another hand did it first. It was Armand. I was shocked to see him there, so near. The fire was dancing in his eyes. He nodded to let me know that he wanted me to follow him. Soon we were walking together, moving fast along the Seine. I wanted to talk to him, to stop him, to look into his eyes again. There was so much that I wanted to tell him, so much that I wanted to explain. But I didn't know what to say or why. I didn't know where we were going. It was a small street with old houses and big trees. Then Armand stopped at a wall of a house with a small tower. 'Listen to me, we are going to climb to the tower,' he said. I tried to tell him that I couldn't, that it was impossible, but he didn't listen. 'You need to know your powers. You can climb easily. Remember, if you fall, you will not die,' he told me. Armand was climbing fast, and I was moving after him, not looking down. Higher and higher we climbed, until we found a window of the tower, which Armand quickly opened."



"Soon I stood in the room, looking around this wet strange place. There were some shelves of books on one side of the fireplace, and a writing table on the other. The room was very cozy. Armand was making a fire. Broken chairs were burning in the fireplace. The warmth was good. I could hear the people living in that house, but Armand said that they never came to the tower, and that we were safe there. 'You see,' Armand said, 'you don't really need the rooms which you have at the hotel. You really need very little. But each of us decides how much he wants. The people living in this house are just moments in my lifetime. They are nothing. I use their house to be alone. No one knows about this place. This is my secret.' I watched him as he was speaking. Vampires do not become old, and I thought about what he had looked a century or two before. 'But what are you doing at the Theatre des Vampires then?' I asked him. He told me that there had been a need, and that the situation had changed. 'But you forgot about me,' he said. 'Why did you leave me?' I told him that I had never left him. I just needed to protect Claudia, who had no one but me. 'But now Madeleine came to live with you, and Claudia can let you go,' he said. I shook my head. 'You don't understand,' I said. 'She is my child, and I don't know if a child can let the parent go, at least for as long as she...' I stopped. I was going to say 'for as long as she lives', but she would live forever, as I would live forever."



"Armand didn't say anything and just listened to me. After a while he said, 'I want you to be my companion. I want it more than anything in the world.' For a moment, I couldn't believe what I'd heard. 'You want my friendship, but you don't come to me,' Armand continued. 'There are things you want to know, and you don't ask. You do nothing! You are such a mystery!' He told me that Claudia was only a part of me, a part of my life, a part of the past. I had to leave some of my past behind because I had an eternal life ahead of me. I asked him then about the other vampires and why he was the oldest one. Did vampires die a violent death? 'No, almost never,' Armand said. 'But how many vampires do you think can bear the immortality? They want to have a perfect life, constant, unchanging. But all the things around them change, and the vampires do not. Soon this immortality loses its meaning and value for them. One evening a vampire understands that he doesn't want this life anymore because the times that he loved and the places that he loved have changed. There is nothing left. And that vampire dies. No one will find his body. He will just disappear.' I sat thinking about the truth of it, and yet I couldn't believe it. 'But what about you? Look at you,' I said. 'You are not like that!' He agreed. 'I wish I could describe the 15th century Venice for you,' he said, 'my master's palace, the love that I felt for him when I was a mortal boy, and the love that he felt for me when he made me a vampire.' Surprised, I asked him, 'Love? Was there love between you and the vampire who made you?' He said yes and looked at me for a long time. 'And what about you?' he asked. 'Was there no love between you and the vampire who made you? Why did he give you this power then?' I laughed and told him that this power was not a gift - it was more like a curse. I told Armand that I got my eternal life because the vampire who made me wanted my house and my money. I noticed that he didn't tell me what had happened to the vampire who had given the eternal life to him. 'It does not matter now,' he said suddenly. 'Now I found you, and I can save myself from losing the meaning of this eternal life. I can save myself from death. With your help, I will try to like and understand this 19th century. You have its spirit. You give me life, which I need so much! I've been waiting for you at the Theatre des Vampires, and now I'll fight for you.'"



"I shook my head. He was so wrong! I was not the spirit of the century! I've always been an unhappy stranger! I have never belonged anywhere. I could give nothing to Claudia. I could give nothing to Armand. Didn't he see that? 'You don't understand,' I said to him. 'It was so difficult for me to make Madeleine into a vampire. I had promised myself that I would never do it. Never make another vampire! Never make another killer! And I broke that promise.' Armand looked away and didn't say anything for a while. Then he turned to me again. 'Do you know that I made you do it?' I was near you that night. I used my strongest power to make you do it. I want you to leave Claudia.' His words shocked me because I hated myself for what I had done. I thought that my last human part had died that night. I was wrong, and I knew it now. It was his power, his will, not mine. But I couldn't hate Armand for it. I stood up and went to the window."



"The fire in the fireplace was dying. Armand continued, 'My power is strong, but you are stronger. It stops somewhere inside you. But it doesn't matter now. This creation of Madeleine is done, and you are free. She will care for Claudia. She is mad, but they are perfect together. Now I think that they must leave Paris as soon as possible.' I asked him why. 'You know why,' he said. 'Because Santiago and the other vampires are suspicious. All the vampires saw Madeleine. They fear her because she knows about them, and they don't know her. They don't like it.' I asked Armand what he was planning to do with his mortal boy Denis. 'He's dead,' he answered and smiled. 'It was best. But we must go now.' Outside it was still raining. The light was coming from the gray sky. I looked at the street below. 'Armand,' I said. 'I can't...' But he told me to follow him because falling would not kill me. I could be hurt for a while, but then I would heal very fast. The bones would heal, and the skin would heal, too. 'What can kill me?' I asked. He stopped. 'Don't you know this yet?' he said. 'Fire... the sun... cutting your head off... Nothing else. You are immortal.' We climbed down in silence. 'Louis, come with me tonight,' Armand whispered suddenly. We were standing in the street. The sun would rise soon. We needed to hurry. 'No,' I said to him. 'It's too soon. I can't leave them yet. I need a little more time.'"



"It was almost dawn when I put my key into the lock at the hotel. Madeleine was sleeping in a chair by the fireplace. Claudia stood at the window, looking at me. She had her hairbrush in her hands. I loved these rooms, these things, which were so different from Armand's little room under the theater and the tower room where we'd been. I sat down in a chair, and Claudia came up to me. 'You've been with Armand,' she said. 'You want to go with him.' I looked at her. How beautiful her face was! She was my daughter, my love. 'I'll see you again. Not here, in other places. I'll always know where you are!' I said. She put her arms around my neck, and I closed my eyes. 'As you wish,' she said. I asked her if she was happy, if she had what she wanted. 'Yes, Louis,' she answered. 'I have all that I want. But do you really know what you want? Are you sure you're not making a mistake? Come with us! Why don't you leave Paris with us?' I shook my head and said no. I knew that she didn't like Armand. She was afraid of him. She thought that he wished her death, which I did not believe. I knew that he could not want her death, because I didn't want it. 'I can't,' I said. 'Only he can give me the power to be what I am. I love him. If I don't go with him, I'll die.' She looked into my eyes. 'I see that you do,' she whispered. 'You could love even me.' I held her closer to me. 'Claudia, oh, Claudia,' I cried. She kissed me, and I closed my eyes. 'I hope that when you need me, you will find me,' she whispered. 'I hope that I can get back to you. I hurt you so often, I gave you so much pain.' I was holding her, thinking, Soon I will not have her anymore. I wanted simply to hold her now. There was so much pleasure in that simple thing."



"Afterwards I often tried to remember that moment and what it was in the rooms where we lived that began to worry me. All I could remember was the slight changing of light, which I never really noticed. I never really noticed that darkness around us. And then it was too late."



"I opened my eyes, still holding Claudia, and saw men and women dressed in black, moving through our rooms like shadows. I shouted, shouted for Madeleine. I saw how she woke up, terrified, as they tried to grab her. There was Santiago and Celeste coming towards us, and behind them Estelle and others whose names I didn't know. I was shouting to Claudia to run, pushing her out of the back door, fighting with Santiago. I was much stronger now than when we first met in the streets of Paris. I had to protect Madeleine and Claudia. I remember kicking Santiago and that powerful, beautiful Celeste. 'Fight them,' I was shouting to Madeleine. But all I could hear was her crying. Then I saw her, surrounded by other vampires. They were laughing. Then something else or someone else grabbed my arm with two arms and pulled me. I don't remember how I gave up. I don't remember anything. I simply remember how I was surrounded and taken out of the rooms. I could see Madeleine next to me, crying. We were put into a carriage, which took us to the Theatre des Vampires. Inside the theater, I was crying for Armand. And then I saw Lestat."



The boy almost jumped up. "How can it be?" he asked the vampire.

"Well, I asked myself the same question," answered the vampire. "But let me continue my story."

"Of course," said the boy. "Please do."



"He was standing there in the center of the parlor, smiling, looking at me with his gray eyes. He was well dressed, as always, but scars still covered his white face. 'Is this the one?' asked Santiago, pushing me forward. But Lestat turned to him and said in a low voice, 'I told you that I wanted Claudia, the child! She was the one!' Then he turned to me again. 'Lestat,' I began. 'You are alive! You have your life!' He shook his head. 'Come back to me, Louis,' he said. 'I'll give you back your life! ' For a moment I could not believe my ears. 'Are you mad?' I asked. Lestat looked at Santiago. 'You promised me,' he said to him, 'that I could take him back with me to New Orleans.' And then, as he looked around from one vampire to the other, he shouted, 'Claudia, where is she? She's the one who did it to me, I told you!' Then Santiago told Lestat that I had helped Claudia to get away. 'Listen to me, Lestat,' I began now. 'Let her go, free her... and I will... I'll return to you.' I said these words and stepped towards him. He was looking at me, studying me. 'You must tell them,' I went on, 'how you treated us, that we didn't know the laws, that she didn't know about the other vampires.' And I was thinking at the same time: Armand must return tonight, Armand must come back. He will stop this, he won't let it happen. There was a sound then as if something was pulled across the floor. I could hear Madeleine's cry. I looked around and saw her in a chair surrounded by other vampires. She tried to stand up, but they stopped her. 'Lestat,' I said. 'What do you want from me? I'll give it to you.' And then I saw the thing that was making the noise. Lestat saw it too. It was a coffin with big iron locks on it, and it was pulled into the room. I understood everything at once. Where is Armand? I thought. 'She did it to me, Louis. She did it to me. You didn't! She has to die,' Lestat said to me and to Santiago. 'Take that thing away from here. He's coming home with me.' And Santiago only laughed, and Celeste laughed, and all of them laughed. 'You promised me,' Lestat said to them. 'We promised you nothing,' said Santiago. I understood that they made a fool of him. 'You must find Armand, Armand is the leader here,' I cried. But Lestat didn't understand me."

"What happened then I don't want to remember. I fought to get free, but together they put me into the coffin. I heard cries, Madeleine's cries, and I was afraid to hear Claudia's cries at any moment. They shut the lid on me, put in the locks, and locked them with keys. Words of long ago about a starving vampire came back to me. But I said to myself, Armand will not let it happen. Now the coffin was lifted, and I heard their footsteps on the stairs. I still heard Madeleine's cries, how she was crying for Claudia, calling her, as if she could help us all. Call for Armand; he must come home this night, I thought. But another thought soon came to me: What if he did not come? I tried to break the coffin with my power, but the lid was too strong. Madeleine's cries were gone. All I heard were the footsteps, and my own breathing. Then, I thought again, tomorrow night he will come, and they will tell him, and he will find us and save us. Through the wood, I could smell the water and the earth. The coffin was set down. I waited in terror. I thought that they would leave me now, but they did not. There was a new smell. As I lay very still, I realized that they were laying bricks and that the new smell came from the mortar. All right, then, tomorrow night he will come, and it will end, I thought. But there were tears in my eyes because I thought about Claudia. All the sounds were gone now. And I cried out for her. 'Claudia,' I cried. 'Armand!' One last time I struggled with the wood. But I was too weak. And then there was nothing."



"A voice woke me up. It was distant but clear. It said my name. For a moment, I didn't know where I was. Maybe I'd been dreaming. Then I opened my eyes and felt the lid of the coffin. I knew where I was now, and I knew that it was Armand calling me. I answered him, but my voice was weak. Terrified, I thought, He's looking for me, and I can't tell him that I am here. But then he spoke to me, telling me not to be afraid. And I heard a loud noise. And another. And there was a sound of falling bricks. The hard wood of the lid broke, and I could see the light of his lamp before my eyes. 'Hurry,' Armand said to me, helping me to get out of the coffin. 'But don't make a sound.' I asked him where we were going. I could see a passage made of old bricks, and along that passage, there were locked doors. I imagined coffins behind those bricks, coffins of vampires, starving there. But Armand ran along the passage, and I followed him. Then he stopped at a wooden door and opened it carefully, without a sound. We were in a lower passage, which led to his room and to the back door. But as I ran behind him, I suddenly understood that he was saving me, only me. I tried to stop him, but he only pulled me after him."



"Soon we were standing outside in the dark street beside the Theatre des Vampires. 'Armand,' I cried. 'You must save her! She is probably in there!' He shook his head as I spoke. 'I can't save her!' he said. 'I don't have the power, you must understand. They'll all be against me. Louis, I tell you, I cannot save her. I will only lose you. We can't go back.' I didn't want to believe it. Armand was my only hope. But I can tell you that I was not afraid. I knew only that I had to save Claudia or die. And I also knew that Armand would follow me if I went back. He wouldn't stop me. I was right. I ran back into the passage, and he was just behind me. I could hear the other vampires there. I could hear all the sounds. And then I saw Celeste in the door of the parlor. She was just calmly looking at me. She did nothing. Then she went back into the parlor and said, 'Lestat... it is your friend Louis!' She laughed, and there was laughter from somewhere. I saw that they were all in the room, and Lestat was sitting in an armchair with his face turned away from me. He was holding something in his hands, something that I couldn't see. Slowly, he turned and looked at me. There was fear in his eyes. Now he was looking at Armand who also looked at Lestat. 'Are you happy now?' Armand asked Lestat. I could see tears in Lestat's gray eyes. 'Yes,' he whispered. But then he looked at me again. 'Louis,' he said. 'Please, you must listen to me. You must come back... for only a little while... until I am myself again.' I heard how Santiago was laughing somewhere. Armand was saying to Lestat that he had to leave Paris. But Lestat sat there with his eyes closed, like a strange creature whom I'd never known. 'This is madness!' I cried. 'Where is she? Where is she?' I looked around, at their still smiling faces. And then I saw the thing in Lestat's hands. I knew what it was. It was Claudia's white dress."



"For a moment I simply stood there like in a dream. Time had no meaning. I remember thinking that Claudia was behind one of the doors. I remember Santiago showing me the way. Something in me said, Where is she? Find her. And then I saw something through one of the doors open into a small yard, something that I'd seen before, a long, long time ago. Mother and daughter in each other's arms. Madeleine and Claudia were lying under the rain there, burnt. My child, my Claudia, was now ashes."



"I cried a wild cry that came from inside of me. The wind in that narrow place was raising the ashes, and the rain was beating at the bricks. And as I cried out, blind with tears, I grabbed someone near me that I think was Santiago, and I was beating him, destroying his smiling white face. He couldn't free himself from my hands. He cried too, and his cries mixed with my cries. I threw him away from me and grabbed someone else. It was Armand. Armand, who was pulling me out of the yard and back into the parlor, where Lestat was calling me, 'Louis, wait for me. Louis, I must talk to you!' I could see Armand's eyes, and I heard his voice saying, 'I could not help them, I could not help them...' And they were dead, Madeleine and Claudia were simply dead. And I was losing my mind."



"Armand put his arm around me. Then he was carrying me through some places. Then we were walking down the Boulevard des Capucines. 'Is he mad that he says these things to me?' I was asking Armand about Lestat. I was laughing, laughing and crying. 'He's mad to speak to me like this. Did you hear him?' I wanted to say something about Madeleine and Claudia that we could not leave them there, and I felt that cry again inside of me. Then I seemed to wake up. We were walking now like two drunk men. I was angry that their bodies were still there, in that place. In my mind, I saw Santiago kicking the black burned thing that had been my child! I was crying again. 'Get away from me,' I was saying to Armand. 'Don't come near me. Don't come near me.' Then I was walking away from him. Then I was running. I was weak, starving, and I thought about killing, but I could not do it. I was sitting on the stone steps of a church, and Armand was standing there under the trees. Finally, when my head was clear, I understood all that had happened, and how far from the theater we were now, and that the ashes of Madeleine and Claudia were still there. 'I could not stop them,' Armand said to me. His face was so sad. He looked away from me. 'Oh, but you could!' I said softly. 'You know very well that you could. You were their leader!' He still looked away. But I could see the effect of my words on him. I could see his sadness. 'They feared you!' I went on. 'You could have stopped them! But it was against your rules. I understand you. I see myself in you.' Armand said nothing. He was feeling my pain, and he feared that emotion. I did not. I was not feeling his pain. It did not matter to me anymore."



"'I understand you very well,' I said to Armand. 'I have the same evil in me. That weakness, that stupid morality that pride! Because of it, I let myself become the thing that I am now, but I knew that it was wrong. Because of it, I let Claudia become a vampire, but I knew it was wrong. Because of it, I let her kill Lestat, but I knew that it was wrong, too. I did nothing to stop her. And Madeleine, Madeleine... I knew that it was wrong! But now I am not that passive weak creature anymore. It's over! I know now what I must do. And I'm telling you: do not go to the Theatre des Vampires again. Do not go near it.'"



"I didn't wait for his answer. I left Armand without looking back. If he followed me, I did not care. I went to the cemetery in Montmartre and found a marble tomb to spend the day in. When the cold gray winter sun had set the next night, I slowly came out in the moonlight with a plan in my mind. In the cemetery, I found something. It was a small scythe, very sharp. Later I found a carriage and a driver whom I paid to take my casket and my other things from the hotel. Then I asked him to drive me to the street of the Theatre des Vampires and wait for me there. The theater door was locked because it was almost morning. I knew that inside the vampires of the theater were already in their coffins. Quickly, I put pieces of wood across the doors and nailed them, locking these doors from the outside. I still had the key that Armand had given me. The key helped me to get in through the back door with two small barrels of kerosene. I checked Armand's room and was glad that he was not there. His coffin was gone, too. I opened one barrel and, rolling the other before me towards the stairs, I went along the passages, splashing all around with kerosene. The smell of it was strong. I stood still at the stairs with the barrels and the scythe, listening. I heard nothing. Holding the scythe, I went up until I stood in the door of the parlor. No one there saw me. I splashed the kerosene on the chairs, and just for a moment, I stopped at that door to the small yard where Madeleine and Claudia had been killed. Oh, how I wanted to open that door! For a minute, I almost forgot my plan. But I knew that Madeleine and Claudia were not there. They were dead. There was no time. I was running through the dark passages, splashing the kerosene until the barrel was empty. Then I lit a torch that I'd made, and with that torch I lit all the chairs, the curtain, the stage."



"In seconds the whole theater was on fire. But I had no time to enjoy it because I heard the sound of a door opening. It was too late, I told myself. They would be destroyed. I ran for the stairs, hearing cries. One of them was Santiago's cry, I was sure of it. And then I saw him above me, coming down the stairs. 'You... you... damn you!' he cried. He used all his power now to attack me as fast as he could and to become invisible. But I swung the scythe, and his head was cut off. Then I threw the torch and the scythe down and ran through the burning building to the back door and into the street."



"Outside the rain was still falling. I could see the gray morning sky and the dark carriage. I ran to it, opened the door, and jumped in. The horses went forward fast as I got into my casket. I could still smell the smoke. It burnt my eyes, and my hands and face were burnt from the first light of the sun. But we were driving on, away from the smoke and the cries. We were leaving Paris. I had done it. Those were the only right deaths in my life. The Theatre des Vampires was burnt to the ground. In my mind, again, I saw Claudia and Madeleine in each other's arms in that yard, and I said to them softly, 'I couldn't take you away. But they will lie dead all around you.'"



"Two nights later I returned there to see the burnt building of the theater. With the evening newspaper, I was sitting in a crowded little theater cafe across the street, reading about the fire. Something worried me. Why had there been no guards? I was sure that Santiago had told me about the guards before. But they had not been there. It was strange, but not important. Now that Claudia was gone, I had less reasons to live. But where to go then, if not to die? It was strange how the answer came to me. I left the cafe then and went towards the palace of the Louvre. Somewhere along the Avenue Napoleon, I heard footsteps behind me, which I knew. It was Armand. I slowed down, and for a long time, we walked together, saying nothing. I did not look at him. Of course, I'd been thinking about him all the time. 'You know what I've done,' I said to him finally. 'And yet you are here with me now. Do you want revenge?' He said no. 'They were your people, you were their leader,' I said. 'You didn't tell them that I was going to come for them. There were guards in the theater. Why weren't they there when I came? Why weren't they there to protect the sleeping vampires?' For a moment, Armand was quiet. 'Because I sent them away,' he said. I stopped. 'You did this, knowing what I planned to do? But you were their leader! They trusted you. They believed in you. They lived with you!' I cried. I couldn't understand him. 'Think what you like,' Armand said calmly. I walked on for a while and then, before the entrance to the Louvre, I stopped. Armand waited for me to say something. But I wasn't thinking about him anymore. I had one of those moments when I thought of nothing. I saw that the rain had stopped. I saw that the air was clear and cold. That the street was beautiful. And I wanted to see the Louvre."



"We left Paris together very soon after that. I told Armand that I wanted to go to Egypt. I wanted to see the desert there and the pyramids. Armand agreed. But before that I had done one more thing which I should tell you about. I had gone back to our rooms in the hotel. I wanted to take some of Claudia and Madeleine's things, put them into coffins, and bury them in the cemetery of Montmartre. I did not do this. I was standing in the rooms, looking around, and it seemed to me that Madeleine and Claudia had just gone out and would return any minute. So I left."





PART FOUR



"And that is the end of the story, really. Of course, I know that you wonder what happened to us later. What happened to Armand? Where did I go? What did I do? But I tell you that nothing really happened. I never changed after that. And even in my love for the beauty of the world, I learned nothing more. I drank the beauty of the world as a vampire drink. I was comfortable. But I was dead. The story ended in Paris, as I've said. For a long time I thought that, Claudia's death had been the reason for it. If Madeleine and Claudia had been alive, things might have been different with me and Armand. I might have loved again' and had a rich life. But now I saw that it was false. It was not the reason. I didn't want it finally. I isolated myself from the world. I even isolated myself from Armand who was my only companion. But I know that you would like to hear what happened to Armand. The night has almost ended. I want to tell you this because it is very important. The story is not complete without it."



"We traveled the world after we had left Paris, as I've told you. First, we went to Egypt, then to Greece and Italy, then to Asia. Time didn't matter all these years. I enjoyed art - paintings and museums, beautiful cathedrals, marble statues. But during all these years I wanted to go back to New Orleans. I never forgot New Orleans. Sometimes Armand even asked me to take him there. And I wanted to do this because he asked me. But I didn't. When we came to America, we lived in New York for a long time. Then, finally, Armand told me something that he'd been hiding from me since the time we were in Paris. He told me that Lestat had not died in the Theatre des Vampires. Lestat left the theater and traveled back to New Orleans the night when I ran away from Armand. I cannot tell you what I felt then. I hadn't thought about Lestat at all the night I'd burnt the theater. I'd thought about Santiago and Celeste and the others who had killed Claudia. But when I heard this now from Armand, I understood that I wanted to see Lestat again. And that is how we returned to New Orleans."



"It was in the spring of this year. When I left the railway station, I knew that I was home. Of course, New Orleans had changed. I could find some of the old places, even the town house where Lestat and Claudia and I had made our home. I was sure that I'd find Lestat in New Orleans. And I felt something else. It was sadness, but sadness without pain. One night I saw a vampire in New Orleans, a white-faced young man, walking alone. And I was sure that if Lestat still lived here, that vampire might know him and take me to him. Of course, the vampire didn't see me. I had long ago learned to see other vampires in large cities and not to be seen. So I began to watch this vampire in New Orleans and follow him. And one night, finally, things changed."



"It was a very warm evening, and I soon saw that young vampire on St. Charles Avenue. I could tell that he was busy. He was walking fast, but I followed him. On the way, he entered a small wooden house and fed on a woman there. He did it very quickly, and when he was finished, he took her child from the crib, wrapped it in a blanket, and went into the street. Soon after that, he stopped before, an iron fence of a large overgrown yard and then went in. I could see an old dark house behind the trees. I moved along the fence until through the trees I finally saw a light in one of the windows. The vampire had gone through the gate. I could hear the baby crying, and then nothing. I went to the house and looked into one of the windows. The young vampire was sitting by the fire, talking to another vampire whose blond hair was covering his face. 'You all leave me!' the second vampire cried now in a thin voice. The baby started crying again. 'You can't keep us with you!' said the young vampire. The blond vampire turned to put more wood in the fireplace, and I saw clearly that it was Lestat. His skin was smooth, without any scars. 'You should go out,' said the young vampire angrily. 'Hunt for something else, not these little animals.' I saw then, in the shadows, the small bodies of cats, lying in the dust. 'Do you know that it's summer?' continued the young one. 'Here, take the baby so you'll be warm.' Lestat said no. Without thinking, I knocked softly on the glass. The young vampire jumped up, and Lestat got up from the chair. 'It's Louis! Louis!' he cried, surprised. 'Let him in.' Inside the room was hot, and the smell was terrible. Lestat came up to me and hugged me, and I could see the tears in his eyes. How strange it was that this handsome immortal creature looked and talked like an old man."

"'Lestat,' I said softly. 'I've come to see you.' I pushed his hands slowly away and moved towards the crying baby. 'So you're Louis,' said the young vampire. The child stopped crying. It was looking up at me with its blue eyes. I had never brought death to anything so young. I took the young vampire's chair by the fire and sat down. 'I'm so glad to see you,' Lestat whispered through his tears. 'I've dreamed of you coming here. I didn't want to let them do it, Louis... I mean that Santiago... he didn't tell me what they had planned to do.' I told him that it all was past. He nodded. 'Past,' he said. 'Louis, you know, she should have never been one of us.' I looked at him. No, I stared at him. He said she. She! It seemed then that she had never existed. That she had been some fantasy, some dream. And it was gone long ago. 'You've come back to me, Louis,' Lestat whispered in that thin voice. I shook my head and said, 'No, Lestat. I only wanted to see you.' But Lestat didn't seem to hear me. Something else was bothering him. His hands covered his ears. Then I also heard it. It was a police siren. 'Lestat!' I said to him. 'Lestat, it's only a siren!' Then the siren was gone. 'Louis, I can't stand it,' he cried through his tears. 'Help me, Louis, stay with me.' I said nothing and looked away. Then Lestat said, 'You won't stay with me. But I wanted to talk to you so much.' I asked him what it was that he wanted to tell me. I remembered his words in the Theatre des Vampires. I had never thought about it. But he only smiled at me. 'Louis,' Lestat was saying softly. 'How can you be what you are? How can you stand it?' He was looking at me, and his face was wet with tears. 'I have to go now, Lestat,' I said to him, feeling sad. 'But you'll come back, you'll come to visit me, Louis?' he asked. I turned away from him and quietly left the house. I took the little baby with me. When I was in the street, I looked back and saw him at the window as if he was afraid to go out. I went to the small house from which the vampire had taken the child, and left the baby there in its crib."



"Maybe a month later I finally told Armand that I'd seen Lestat. Time meant nothing to me then, but Armand was surprised that I hadn't told him before. We were walking that night in the city center. I was thinking that maybe I should never leave New Orleans. But then, how can you think so if you can live forever? 'Didn't you want revenge?' Armand asked me. At that moment, I was wishing, as I often wished, that he was not there. More and more often, I wanted to be alone. 'No,' I said to him. 'Lestat is dying, dying of fear. His mind cannot take this time, this century.' Armand looked at me. 'But didn't you... didn't you feel anything?' he asked me. 'Nothing,' I answered. 'Did he tell you anything, anything about Paris...?' he asked me again. I said no."



"We walked silently for a while, but I was thinking. Then I asked him, 'What is it, Armand? Why do you ask about it? What could he say about Paris? That he didn't want Claudia to die? Well, it doesn't matter now. Nothing matters now.' I turned and looked at him. 'And what if it was I who...?' Armand began. Then I saw the pain in his face, in his eyes. 'If it was you who killed her? Who locked her in that yard there?' I asked and smiled. 'Don't tell me that you've been feeling pain for all these years! Not you! You don't care about these things!' I said to him coldly, again feeling that I wanted to be alone. He closed his eyes and turned his face away. 'You care about nothing...' he said. He turned to me, so I could see that dark fire in his eyes. 'I thought that you would at least care about that. thought that you would feel the old passion, the old anger if you saw him again. I thought that you would come back to life if you returned to this city.' I watched him, I heard his words, but I felt nothing. 'Louis, you should know that I am dying,' he whispered. I knew that it was true, but said nothing."



"He looked at me for a very long time, and his face seemed very calm. 'I hoped that when the pain of it all left you, you would become warm and filled with love again, with that hunger for knowledge that brought you to Paris. I thought that this part of you could never die. And I thought that when the pain was gone, you would forgive me. All the things that gave you happiness would give me happiness. My power would be your power. But you're dead inside, you're cold! You don't want me to be here with you. And if I'm not with you, then I'm nowhere,' he said. What he was asking for was unreal, and that was what I told him. 'I wanted love,' I said. 'But it's impossible because we do wrong, evil things. I knew it even before Paris. I knew it when I first took a human life. It was my death. I looked for other vampires, for God, for the devil, and it was all the same, all wrong, all evil. I was evil. And when I came to Paris, I thought that I found answers in you. But you were a killer like me, just more powerful. And so that love that you saw in me was gone. And now you see a mirror of yourself.'"

"A very long time passed before he spoke. He stood with his back to me, looking down, and I was thinking, There is nothing more to say, nothing more to do. Then he asked if I needed anything else from him. 'No,' I said. 'What do you mean?' He didn't answer. Slowly, he began to walk away. I understood that he was leaving me, but I didn't stop him. I never saw him again. And that's the end of it. There's nothing else."



The boy sat quietly, staring at the vampire, and the vampire sat so still that only his green eyes showed life. Then the boy said, "No." He said it again louder, "No, the story can't end like that!"



The vampire didn't answer him. His eyes moved from the tapes to the window, to the dark gray sky. Then he laughed.

"All the things you felt in Paris!" the boy continued. "The love for Claudia, the feeling for Lestat! It couldn't end like this!"

"Stop," said the vampire, lifting his right hand. "I am telling you and I have told you that there is no other ending."

"I don't agree with it," said the boy passionately. "I can't!"

The vampire was just staring at him angrily.

"Don't you see that your story was an adventure like I'll never know in my whole life? And then you tell me that it ends like that," the boy said and stood up. "But if you give me that power... The power to see and feel and live forever..."

"What?" the vampire cried. "What?!"

"Give it to me!" said the boy. "Make me a vampire now!"

What happened then was fast. Suddenly, the vampire was on his feet, holding the boy by the shoulders. There was fear on the young man's face. "Is this what you want?" the vampire whispered. "This? After all, I've told you... Is that what you are asking for?"

The boy started crying.

"You don't know what human life is like!" he said. "You've forgotten. You don't even understand the meaning of your story, what it means to a human like me!"

"God," the vampire cried and let the boy fall to the floor.

"I ask you... please... give it all one more chance. One more chance in me!" cried the boy.



The vampire turned to him, and his face was not as angry as before. He looked again at the boy. "I've failed," he said, now smiling. "I have failed. But I still have one chance left. I have only one way to show you the meaning of what I've said."



And then he grabbed the boy so fast that the boy didn't see how his neck was now against the vampire's lips. "Do you see?" whispered the vampire, biting him. The boy cried, but it was too late.

Sometime later, the vampire put the young man back in the chair. The boy looked drunk. The vampire stood staring at him, and his white skin was now pink.

"Will I... die?" the boy finally whispered, shaking.

"I don't know," said the vampire and smiled.

The boy closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened his eyes again, he saw the sun. It filled the room with warm light. There was no one else there. The vampire had gone. The boy touched his neck. Quickly, he went to the bathroom and washed his face with cold water. He stood still, looking into the mirror. Then he looked at his watch. He went back to the table and pushed the button on the recorder. When he heard the vampire's voice, he listened very carefully. He opened his notebook, took a pen, and quickly wrote down: "Lestat... St. Charles Avenue... old house... overgrown yard... iron fence."

Then he put the notebook and the tapes with the small recorder into his briefcase and ran down the stairs to the street where in front of the bar his car was parked.





- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!





