CHAPTER ONE



The one thing nobody asked her, Darcy thought in the days after she found what she found in the garage, was this: How's your marriage? They asked how was your weekend and how was your trip to Florida and how's your health and how are the kids? But nobody asked how's your marriage?

Good, she would've answered the question before that night. Everything's fine.

She had been born Darcellen Madsen in the year John F. Kennedy was elected President. She was raised in Maine. She went to high school, and then to a Business School, where she learned secretarial skills. Then she was hired by Joe Ransome Chevrolet, a large car company. She was plain but had enough makeup skills to make herself pretty on workdays and eye-catching on Friday and Saturday nights when she went out.

In 1982, Joe Ransome hired an accounting firm to help him with his tax situation. A pair of men came, one old and one young. Both wore glasses and conservative suits; both combed their short hair away. The younger accountant was Bob Anderson. He was as plain as she was. She started talking with him on his second day at the car company and asked him if he had any hobbies. Yes, he said, he was a numismatist. Just like her father. He asked her to call him Bob. Later, during their lunch, he asked if she would like to go out with him on Saturday. She said yes. And she said yes on their wedding day, too.

In 1986, Bob got a promotion. He also started up a small business in collectible coins. It was successful from the start, and in 1990, he expanded it with Darcy's help. The business never got big enough to become full-time, but that was all right. Neither of them wanted such a thing. They agreed on that as they did on the house they bought and on the children, they had.

They agreed. When they didn't agree, they compromised. But mostly they agreed.

How's your marriage?

It was good. A good marriage. Donnie was born in 1986, and Petra was born in 1988. A successful marriage was a balancing act - that was a thing everyone knew. A successful marriage was about tolerance - this was a thing Darcy knew. She did her best. So did he.

In 2004, Donnie went off to college in Pennsylvania. In 2006, Petra went to Colby. By then, Darcy Madsen Anderson was forty-six years old. Bob was forty-nine - with a bald spot on his head and a growing belly. He had become a partner in the accounting firm, and they moved into a more expensive house. There had always been satisfaction in the family. The satisfaction of knowing they were still together when so many others were not; the satisfaction of knowing that - as they approached their Silver Anniversary - their marriage was still steady.

In 2009, twenty-five years after their wedding, Donnie and Petra organized a surprise party for them. There were over fifty guests, champagne, steaks, and a huge cake. They danced just as they had at their wedding. The guests applauded.

She remembered all the details of their long marriage then. She knew he must've kept his own history of her, too. The big things and the little things. But all of that was just history now. These things and ten thousand others were the secret history of the marriage.

Now it was twenty-seven years - nine thousand eight hundred and fifty-five days. Almost a quarter of a million hours and over fourteen million minutes. Of course, some of that time, he'd been gone on business, and she'd taken a few trips, but mostly they had been together.

Did she know everything about him? Of course not. No more than he knew about her. There was no way of knowing everything, but she felt that after twenty-seven years, they knew all the important things. It was a good marriage, one that was working out. She believed that in the same way she believed that gravity would hold her to the earth when she walked down the street.



Until that night in the garage.





CHAPTER TWO



The TV controller stopped working, and there were no batteries in the kitchen cabinet. So Darcy went out to the garage because she knew Bob kept batteries there - and that was enough to change her life.

The kitchen and the garage were connected. If Bob had been here, she would've asked him to change the batteries. The garage was mostly his domain, after all. She only went there to get her car out and that only on bad-weather days; otherwise, she parked it in the driveway. But Bob was in Vermont, evaluating a collection of World War II coins, and she was home alone.

She turned the light on. The garage was spacious and neat, the tools hung on the boards and Bob's workbench in order. The floor was a gray concrete. There were no oil stains. Bob's weekday smaller car was there; this time he had taken his SUV to Vermont. Her own car was parked outside.

She walked to the bench, where several square tins were set, each neatly labeled: BOLTS, SCREWS, NAILS, PLUMBING, etc. The cabinet with the batteries had a label reading ELECTRICAL STUFF and was more to the left. Darcy moved in that direction without looking where she was going and stumbled over a cardboard box that hadn't been pushed under the workbench.

She could simply have pushed the box back under with her foot, but she saw a knitting catalogue on top of the box and knelt down to take it in with the batteries. And when she lifted it, there were other catalogues under it, hundreds of them.

Why was Bob keeping them there? Was he hiding them from her so that she wouldn't spend too much money on useless purchases? But they were not poor at all.

At first, she wanted to take all these catalogues back into the house, which would take three or four trips, because those catalogues were heavy and endless. She was still thinking about it, looking through the pile, when she came to something that wasn't a catalogue. Not a catalogue at all. It was a magazine called Bondage Bitches, with nasty pictures on the cover. She almost didn't take it out. But finding it here, in a pile of what had to be at least two hundred catalogues... her catalogues... there was something strange about that. Was her husband interested in that kind of thing? Well, even if he was, she thought, he was certainly hiding it very well in the bedroom.

Maybe she shouldn't worry after all. Men are adventurous by nature, and many of them like to investigate new things. Male investigation - that was all this was. Bob had maybe seen the magazine on a newsstand somewhere, and had been curious. Or maybe he'd picked it out of a trash can at a store. He had taken it home, looked through it here in the garage, had been as shocked as she was, and had put it in this huge pile of catalogues planned for the recycling bin so she wouldn't see it and criticize him. That was all. If she looked through the rest of these catalogues, she'd find nothing else like it. Maybe a few Penthouses she knew most men liked and Bob was no exception - but nothing more in the Bondage Bitches genre.

She looked at the cover again, and noticed another strange thing: there was no price on it. She checked the back cover, curious about the cost. Still nothing. It was probably one of those magazines they sold in a plastic wrapper. The price had been on the wrapper, of course, that was it.

She put the unpleasant magazine back into the pile of catalogues and pushed the cardboard box under the workbench - she had changed her mind about taking the catalogues back into the house. She pushed to box hard again so it hit the back wall.

And there was a clunk. What was that?

I don't want to know, she told herself. It was shadowy back there under the workbench, and there might be mice.



Darcy stood up and left the garage. That was when she heard the phone begin to ring.





CHAPTER THREE



She was back in the kitchen now, but she waited. If it was Bob, she didn't want to talk to him right this minute. He might hear something in her voice. He would call back in an hour again. In an hour, after her unpleasant discovery, she'd be fine, and they could have a pleasant conversation.

The answering machine recorded the message. It wasn't Bob, it was Donnie. She picked up the phone and said, "Sorry, I was coming back from the garage."

Donnie had good news. He and a friend had decided to open their own firm. Bob had been against this. But they had got the loan, and now had two big clients. Darcy was delighted. They talked for twenty minutes or so. Once during the conversation they were interrupted by the beep of another call.

"Do you want to get it?" Donnie asked.

"No, it's just your father. He's in Montpelier, Vermont, looking at a collection of coins. He'll call back."

"How's he doing?"

Fine, she thought. Developing new interests.

Eventually, she hung up, feeling good again. Smiling. But as she stood there, leaning against the counter, the smile faded.

A clunk.

There had been a clunk when she pushed the box of catalogues back under the workbench. Not a clatter, but a clunk. Like of something hollow.

I don't care.

But this was not true. The clunk was like an unfinished business. The cardboard box was, too. Were there other magazines like Bondage Bitches in there?

I don't want to know.

Right, right, but maybe she should find out, just the same. Because if there was just the one, she was right and it was just his curiosity. If there were more, that might still be all right - but maybe she should know.

Mostly... that clunk. It was on her mind more than the question about the magazines.



She took a flashlight and went back out to the garage.





CHAPTER FOUR



Darcy got down on her knees, pushed the box of catalogues to one side, and shone the light under the workbench. For a moment, she didn't understand what she was seeing: two lines of darkness, one bigger than the other. Then she understood: it was a hiding place.

Leave this alone, Darcy. It's his business, and for your own peace you should let it stay that way.

Good advice, but it was too late for it. She crawled under the workbench with the flashlight in her hand.

There was a board which she must've struck with the box, but that didn't explain the clunk. She pushed one end of the board. It turned, opening a hole. She thought she might discover more magazines, but there were no magazines. There was a little wooden box, and she was quite sure that it was the box that had made the clunking sound.

She pulled it out. It was the little oak box she had given to him at Christmas five years ago, maybe more. Or had it been for his birthday? She didn't remember, just that it had been a good present. Bob kept his numerous cufflinks in it. Darcy couldn't remember seeing the box lately. Of course, she couldn't. It was out here, in the hiding place under his workbench, and if she opened it, she wouldn't find cufflinks inside.

Don't look, then.

She opened the box.

Let it be empty. Please God, if you love me let it be empty.

But it wasn't. There were three plastic cards, bound with a rubber band. Darcy took off the band.

They weren't credit cards, which had been her first idea. The top one was a Red Cross blood donor's card belonging to someone named Marjorie Duvall, born January 6, 1974. Her type was A-positive, her region New England.

Who the hell was Marjorie Duvall? How did Bob know her? And why did the name sound familiar?

The next one was Marjorie Duvall's library card, and it had an address: 17 Honey Lane, South Gansett, New Hampshire.

The last piece of plastic was Marjorie Duvall's New Hampshire driver's license. She looked like an ordinary American woman in her mid-thirties, not very pretty. The address was the same as the one on the library card.

Suddenly, Darcy realized something. She had seen Marjorie Duvall's face in the newspaper. Also on the six o'clock news.

With shaking hands, she put the rubber band back around the ID cards, put them back in the box, then put the box back in his hiding place.

It's a mistake, it has to be, we've been married over half our lives, I'd know, I would know.

Does anybody really know anybody?

Before tonight, she certainly would've thought so.

The phone in the house started to ring again. It was him. It was Bob, calling from Vermont, and were she in the kitchen to take the call, she'd hear his voice (a voice she knew as well as her own) asking, Hey, honey, how are you?

The phone rang again... again... and then stopped. Now he would be leaving a message.

She closed the piece of board and pushed the box of catalogues back where it had been. He would never know. But was she sure of that? If he was what she was thinking, then he'd been careful for a long time. And he was very careful, supernaturally careful. Sly.

It was a word she had never thought of in connection to Bob until tonight.

"No," she told the garage. "No, he's not. It's a mistake. My husband is not Beadie."



She went back into the house.





CHAPTER FIVE



She decided to make tea. Tea was calming.

Darcy was making it when the phone began to ring again.

Calm, calm, she told herself. If he can keep a secret, so can I remember that there's a logical explanation for all this.

Oh, really?

She picked up the phone and said brightly, "If that's you, handsome, come here now. My husband's out of town."

Bob laughed. "Hey, honey, how are you?"

"Fine, fine. And you?"

There was a long silence.

"You sound funny," he said. "Is everything okay?"

She was terrified. Marjorie Duvall, she thought. Marjorie Duvall. A-positive. 17 Honey Lane.

"I was thinking about my sister," she heard herself say.

"Oh, baby," he said with the sympathy in his voice.

"Donnie called and asked about his sister. And I started thinking about mine."

"I see," he said. "Listen, maybe I could come back home earlier then."

She almost cried out No! But that would be the wrong thing to do.

"No, no, honey," she said. "It's okay. You've got business to do. I'm fine. Really."

That he had known that something was wrong with her was bad. That she needed to lie about what the trouble was - that was worse. She closed her eyes, trying to stay calm, and opened them again.

"I know, I know," he said.

Her sister's death wasn't why she'd fallen in love with Bob Anderson, but she admired his understanding. Brandolyn Madsen had been struck and killed by a drunk snowmobile driver while she was skiing. He drove away, leaving her body in the woods half a mile from the Madsen house. It was Darcy's father who found her body and carried it home. Darcy had been the first to see him.

Bob Anderson, Darcy had discovered, could understand her in a way many people could not. He had lost his best friend. The boy had run out into the road to grab a ball and had been struck by a truck.

"Stay in Vermont, Bobby. I love you for your understanding."

"Okay. But I'm going to call you tomorrow at seven- thirty."

She laughed. And why shouldn't she be really laughing? She loved him, and would give him the benefit of the doubt. You could not turn off love. Love ran from the heart, and the heart had its own rules.

"Love you, honey."

"Love you, too," she said, smiling.



Then she hung up, put her forehead against the wall, closed her eyes, and began crying before the smile could leave her face.





CHAPTER SIX



Her computer was in her room. She only used it for email and eBay, but now she opened Google and typed in Marjorie Duvall's name. She hesitated before adding Beadie to the search, but not long. It would come up anyway, she was sure of it. She hit Enter.

Google had given her more than five million results for her search, and when Darcy clicked on one of them, she saw the photograph she remembered from TV. The article had been published ten days before, and was the lead story. NEW HAMPSHIRE WOMAN MAY HAVE BEEN 'READ IE'S" 11th VICTIM, the headline said.

Marjorie Duvall looked much prettier in the newspaper picture. She had been found six miles from her house in South Gansett. The death had resulted from strangulation. The reporter's unnamed source said that Duvall had been molested "in a manner of the other Beadie killings."

Then the article described the previous murders. The first had been in 1977. There had been two in 1978, another in 1980, and then two more in 1981. Two of the murders had happened in New Hampshire, two in Massachusetts, the fifth and sixth in Vermont. After that, there hadn't been any murders for sixteen years. The police thought that one of three things had happened: Beadie had moved to another part of the country and was practicing his hobby there, Beadie had been arrested for some other crime and was in prison, or Beadie had killed himself. It was impossible for Beadie to get tired of it, one psychiatrist said. "It's their sport, their passion. More than that, it's their secret life."

Secret life.

Beadie's sixth victim of "the old cycle" had been found just a week before Christmas in 1981. The next year Bob Anderson had walked into her life with a smile on his face - Bob who had asked her out and wouldn't take no for an answer. They fell in love. And Beadie stopped for sixteen years.

Because of her? Because he loved her? Or just a coincidence. It could be that.

Beadie's seventh victim, the first of what the paper called "the new cycle," had been a woman from Waterville, Maine, named Stacey Moore. Her husband found her body in their cellar. August of 1997, this had been. She was naked, bitten in a dozen places.

Two days later, Stacey Moore's driver's license and Red Cross card, bound with a rubber band, had been sent to the local police station. There was a note: HELLO! I'M BACK! BEADIE!

This was a packet the detectives recognized at once. Similar IDs and similar notes had been received after each of the killings. He knew when they were alone. He tortured and molested them; he killed them; he sent their IDs to some police stations weeks or months later.

There had been another Beadie murder in 2004, the ninth and tenth in 2007. Those two were the worst, because one of the victims had been a child. The woman's ten-year-old son had walked in on Beadie while he was at work. The boy's body had been found with his mother's. When the woman's IDs arrived at a police station, the note read: HELLO! THE BOY WAS AN ACCIDENT! SORRY! BUT IT WAS QUICK, HE DID NOT SUFFER! BEADIE!

There were many other articles she could have read, but what for? The sweet dream of one more ordinary evening in an ordinary life had been taken by a nightmare. She started crying again.

What am I going to do?

The obvious thing was to call the police, but what if she did that and it all turned out to be a mistake? Bob had always been the most generous and forgiving of men. But would he forgive her if she mistakenly blamed him for eleven killings he hadn't committed? And the world would know. Guilty or innocent, his picture would be in the paper, on the front page, and hers, too. And it wouldn't be just the two of them: there were the kids to think about. Donnie's business and Petra's wedding plans.

Sitting at her computer, frozen, Darcy put a hand over her mouth. She got an idea of suicide, and for a few moments the idea seemed quite rational, the only solution. She could leave a note saying she'd done it. But what if she was wrong? What if Bob had just found those IDs by the side of the road or something?

Okay, what if she was right? Wouldn't her death free Bob to kill more because he no longer had to lead a double life? Did she really think she could let more women die a horrible death just so her daughter could have a nice wedding?

She thought: I wish I was dead.

But she wasn't.



For the first time in years, Darcy Madsen Anderson got on her knees and began to pray.





CHAPTER SEVEN



She had never kept a diary, but she had ten years of appointment books kept in the drawers. And all of Bob's travel records. As a tax accountant, he was careful with recordkeeping.

She placed his files beside her computer together with her appointment books. She opened Google again for the names and dates of death of Beadie's victims. Then, she began the work of crosschecking.

She would have given anything to find something that would've cleared him from even one of the murders, but her appointment books only made things worse. Kellie Gervais, Keene, New Hampshire, had been discovered in the woods on March fifteenth of 2004, dead for three to five days. March tenth to twelfth in Darcy's appointment book for 2004 was Bob's visit to Brattleboro - an easy drive from Keene, New Hampshire.

Helen Shaverstone and her son Robert had lived in Tassel Village and were found dead on November eleventh of 2007. Around this date Bob was in Saugus - not that far. And did she remember calling his Saugus motel on one of those nights and not getting him? Thinking that he was out late with some coin salesman, or maybe in the shower? She remembered that.

She turned to his travel records. She worked carefully and stopped often to double-check. The stuff from the late seventies was not much help, but everything from the eighties was there, and the correlations she found for the Beadie murders in 1980 and 1981 were clear. He had been traveling at the right times and in the right areas.

So what do I do now?

Around midnight she turned off her computer and climbed to the second floor. She took a shower, lay down, and looked at the night table on the other side of the bed. Bob's reading glasses. Bob's clock. She turned it around to face the wall.

You don't know that. Remember that you don't absolutely know that.

She lay there, wide awake, her mind going around and around, now thinking of the victims, now thinking of her children, now thinking of herself, even thinking of some long forgotten Bible story.

He won't be home until six tomorrow night, she thought. That gave her eighteen hours. Enough time to make some decision. It would help if she could sleep. The idea that she might never sleep again came to her. That was impossible, of course.



But then sleep took Darcy. She might have woken up when her husband pulled into the driveway, but she hadn't because Bob had turned off the headlights halfway down the block so as not to wake her.





CHAPTER EIGHT



"Wake up, Darcy. Wake up, honey. We have to talk."

The voice was soft. Bob's voice. Bob's hand on her cheek. Only it couldn't be him, because he was in Vermont.

She opened her eyes and he was there, all right, sitting beside her on the bed. He smiled.

"What are you doing here, Bobby?"

He looked down at his watch. "Quarter to three. I sat in my motel room for almost two hours after we talked, trying to convince myself that what I was thinking couldn't be true. Then I jumped in my car and hit the road. No traffic whatsoever. I don't know why I don't do more traveling at night. Maybe I will. If I'm not in prison, that is. But that's up to you. Isn't it?"

His hand on her face. The feel of it was familiar, even the smell of it was familiar, and she had always loved it. Now she didn't. She pushed his hand away and sat up. "What are you talking about?"

"Yes, you were sleeping with the light on. You never sleep with the light on, Darcy. You just forgot to turn it off, didn't you? Also, you turned my clock around so you wouldn't have to look at the time. You've been upset, and I'm the cause. I'm sorry, Darcy. You found my special hiding place in the garage."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh, you did a good job of putting things back where you found them, but I'm very careful about such things, and the strip of tape I put on above the board was broken. You didn't notice that, did you? Why would you? It's the kind of tape that's almost invisible. Also, the box inside was a bit to the left of where I put it - where I always put it."

"Bobby, I honestly don't know what it is that you're talking about. Maybe you've been working too hard."

"I guess I always knew this day would come."

"I haven't got any idea what you're talking about."

He sighed. "I'll tell you everything. I think that I've always wanted you to know."

He'd always wanted her to know? Dear God. There might be worse things waiting, but this was the most terrible thing so far.

"I don't want to know. Whatever it is, I don't want to know."

"I see something different in your eyes, honey, and I'm very good at reading women's eyes. I'm something of an expert. The question is: What Would Darcy Do? What Would Darcy Do if she found my special hiding place, and what's inside my special box. I've always loved that box, by the way, because you gave it to me. First, I asked myself if the name Marjorie Duvall would mean anything to you. I've lived with you long enough to know that you follow the main stories on TV and in the newspapers. I thought you'd know the name, and even if you didn't, I thought you'd recognize the picture on the driver's license. Besides, I said to myself, she will be curious as to why I have those ID cards? Women are always curious."

"Bob, I swear to you I don't have any idea what..."

"So the first thing I did when I came in was to check the history on your computer."

"You check my computer?" She knew, and he knew she did.

"Of course I check. I have a very bad friend who does very bad things. A man in a situation like that has to be careful with those closest to him. Since the kids left home, that's you and only you. You haven't just been checking on Marjorie Duvall. You've been checking on all of them."

Bad friend? A bad friend who does bad things?

She sat up. "What bad friend? What are you talking about?"

He looked at her. "Brian."

At first, she had no idea who he was talking about, and thought it must be someone from work.

"Brian Delahanty," he said. "Don't tell me you forgot Brian. I told you all about him after you told me about what happened to Brandolyn."

Her mouth opened. "Your friend from school? Bob, he's dead! He was hit by a truck, and he's dead."

"Well..." Bob hesitated. "Yes... and no. I almost always called him Brian when I talked about him to you, but that's not what I called him back in school, because he hated that name. I called him by his initials. I called him BD."

She started to ask him what that had to do with the case, but then she knew. Of course, she knew. BD.



Beadie.





CHAPTER NINE



He talked for a long time, and the longer he talked, the more horrified she became. All these years she'd been living with a madman, but how could she have known? He blamed BD for everything, but Darcy suspected that blaming Brian Delahanty only made it easier to keep his two lives separate.

It all had started at school, Bob said, and it all had been BD's ideas. "The thing you have to understand - that you really have to see - is how persuasive Brian was. He was much worse than me. He really was crazy."

The amazing thing was how he made it sound almost normal. Probably he believed that, just as he had believed in Brian Delahanty's escape. Or had he? How could she know? She was, after all, listening to the ideas of a lunatic. It was just hard to believe that the madman was Bob. Her Bob.

"Anyway," he said, "the summer Brian ran into the road and got killed there was a reception at his house after the funeral, and his mother said I could go up to his room and take something, if I wanted. As a souvenir, you know. And I did want to! I took his geometry notebook, with his crazy plans in it."

Bob laughed. "If I was a religious man, I'd say God saved me from myself. Fate has its own plan for us."

"And this Fate's plan was for you to kill women?" Darcy asked. She couldn't help herself.

He looked at her sadly. "It wasn't me. It was Beadie who did that stuff, and did it for a reason, Darcy. I say did instead of does because all of that's behind me now."

"Bob, your friend BD is dead. He's been dead for almost forty years. You must know that."

He shook his head. "Darcy, listen! It was Brian. He infected me with... well, certain ideas, let's say. Some ideas, once you get them in your head, you can't get rid of them. Brian was dead, but the ideas were alive. Those ideas - getting women, doing whatever to them, whatever crazy idea came into your head - they became his ghost. I won't go into the details. But you have to know I fought it. For seven years, I fought it, but Brian's ideas kept growing inside my head. Until finally I said to myself, 'I'll try it once, just to get it out of my head. To get him out of my head. If I get caught - at least I'll stop thinking about it.'"

"You're telling me it was a male curiosity," she said quietly. "Well, yes. I think you could say that."

"But it wasn't a curiosity, Bobby. It was taking a woman's life."

She wanted a glass of water, but she was afraid to get up and go into the bathroom. She was afraid he would stop her, and what would come after that? What then?

"Well," he continued, "I didn't think I'd get caught. Not if I was careful and made a plan. And I realized something else, too. I couldn't do it myself. Because I was one of the good guys. That's how I saw myself, and believe it or not, I still do. And I have the proof, don't I? A good home, a good wife, two beautiful children who are all grown up and starting their own lives. And I give back to the community."

"Then give Marjorie Duvall back her life. Or Stacey Moore. Or Robert Shaverstone."

"The boy was an accident."

"But you being there wasn't an accident?"

"It wasn't me," he said. "It was BD. It's always BD. It was his fault for putting those ideas in my head. I never would've thought of them on my own. I signed my notes to the police with his name just to make that clear."

She was impressed. No wonder he hadn't been caught. If she hadn't tripped over that box...

"None of the women had any relation to me or my businesses. That would be very bad. Very dangerous. But I travel a lot, and I keep my eyes open. BD does, too. We watch out for the bad ones. You can always tell. They wear short skirts and show their bra on purpose."

He was looking down at his hands.

"Always smiling! Red lipstick and always smiling! Well, I see smiles like that. Most men do. I could deal with it. But not BD, not him."

He shook his head slowly.

"There are lots of women like that. It's easy to get their names. Then you can find them on the Internet. There's a lot of information if you know how to look for it, and accountants know how. I've done that hundreds of times. You could call it a hobby. You could say I collect information as well as coins. Usually it's nothing. But sometimes BD will say, 'She's the one you want, Bobby. That one right there. We'll make the plan together, and when the time comes, you just let me do it.' And that's what I do."

He took her hand.

"You think I'm crazy. I can see it in your eyes. But I'm not, honey. It's BD who's crazy... or Beadie. I've only been questioned one time, years ago, as a witness, about two weeks after BD killed the Moore woman. An old guy with a limp, semi-retired. Told me to give him a call if I remembered anything. I said I would." He laughed.

"You want to know something, Darcy? If they caught me, I couldn't give them a confession. Because I don't remember much about the things. Beadie does them, not me."

Oh, you liar. You remember everything. It's in your eyes. "And now... everything's in your hands. You know that old line, the one that goes, 'I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you'? That doesn't work here. I could never kill you. Everything I do, everything I've done... I've done for you. For the kids too, of course, but mostly for you. You walked into my life, and do you know what happened?"

"You stopped," she said.

He smiled. "For over twenty years!"

Sixteen, she thought but didn't say.

"Thank you, honey. You saved me, you know. For a dozen years, BD never made a sound. I thought he was gone. I did. But then he came back. Like a ghost. He started pointing out women when I was traveling. When I started to have those thoughts, I fought them. There are magazines... I bought them before we got married, and I thought if I did that again... or some sites on the Internet... I thought I could substitute... but once you've tried the real thing, fantasy is nothing. But then I stopped. For all those years, I stopped. And I could stop again, Darcy. This time for good. If there's a chance for us. If you could forgive me." He looked at her. "Is it possible you could do that?"

She thought of all the dead women she had read about.

"I have to think about it," she said, very carefully.

"If you decide to go to the police, I won't stop you. But I know you've thought about what it would do to the kids. You wouldn't be the woman I married if you hadn't thought about that. And what would it do to you? Nobody would believe that you were married to me all these years and never knew... or at least suspected. You'd have to move away and..."

"Stop it! Don't talk about it when you talk about this!"

He nodded. "I beat BD once and I can beat him again. With your help, Darcy. With your help, I can do anything. Even if he were to come back in another twenty years, so what? I'd be seventy-three. Hard to go hunting when you're old!" He laughed at this image. "But if I were ever to do it again, even one single time, I'd kill myself. The kids would never know, they'd never have to be touched by that... because I'd make it look like an accident... but you'd know. And you'd know why. So what do you say? Can we put this behind us?"

What she thought was: What am I going to do? I can't fool him. We've been married too long.

"You have to promise to stop," she said, speaking very slowly.

His face filled with a relief. "I do, Darcy. I do. I do promise. I already told you."

"And we could never talk about this again."

"I see."

"You'll not send the Duvall woman's ID to the police." She saw the disappointment in his face when she said that. "I need more than promises, Bobby. Actions speak louder than words. Make a hole in the woods and bury that woman's ID cards in it."

"Okay. Thank you, Darcy. So much."



"I don't know what you're thanking me for." And then she made herself say the rest. "Now come to bed. We both need to get some sleep."





CHAPTER TEN



He fell asleep immediately, but Darcy lay awake, thinking that if she allowed herself to sleep, she would awake with his hands around her throat. She was in bed with a madman, after all.

But he meant it, she thought. He said he loved me, and he meant it. And when I said I'd keep his secret, he believed me. Why wouldn't he? I almost believed myself.

While she could never keep his secret for herself, wasn't it possible she could for the kids?

I can't. I won't. But what choice? What choice?

She fell asleep and dreamed of going into the dining room and finding a woman there. I don't know that woman, that woman is a stranger to me, she thought in her dream, and then the woman turned and asked in Petra's voice: "Mama, is that you?"



Darcy tried to scream, but sometimes in nightmares, you can't.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



When she finally was awake, the other half of the bed was empty. Bob had turned his clock back around, and she saw it was quarter past ten. After taking a shower, Darcy went downstairs to face her first day as the monster's wife.

He had left a note for her on the table in the kitchen.

Darcy,

I will take care of those documents, as you asked.

I love you, honey.

Bob

He had drawn a little Valentine heart around his name - a thing he hadn't done in years. She felt love for him and wanted to cry. Suddenly, she also felt time - all the time to come, as his wife in this house.



It felt like a coffin.





CHAPTER TWELVE



I know how bad you feel, but the sun will still come up tomorrow. And when it does, you'll feel better. When the sun comes up the day after tomorrow, a little better still. This is just a part of your life, and it's over. Life will go on.

And her life went on, after her trip out to the garage for batteries.

When Bob came home from work after her first long day at home, he said: "Honey, about last night..."

"Nothing happened last night. You came home early, that's all."

His face lit up with a large and grateful smile. "That's fine, then," he said. "Case closed?"

"Closed."

He opened his arms. "Give me a kiss, beautiful."

She did, wondering if he had kissed them.

He held her, his hands on her shoulders. "Still friends?"

"Still friends."

"Sure?"

"Yes. I didn't cook anything, and I don't want to go out. Why don't you order us a pizza?"



"All right."





CHAPTER THIRTEEN



The sun came up the next day. And the next. A week went by, then two, then a month. They lived their old way, the small habits of a long marriage. She brushed her teeth while he was in the shower. She went to her book club. A week after that, she returned to her knitting circle. Sometimes she would sing along with the radio when she came back from the post office or the grocery store. She and Bob watched TV at night - always comedies, never the crime shows. He came home early now; there had been no more road trips since the one to Montpelier. She watched the papers to see if Marjorie Duvall's ID showed up, knowing if he had lied about that, he would lie about everything. But it didn't. Once a week they went out to dinner at one of the restaurants. He ordered steak and she ordered fish. He drank iced tea and she had cranberry juice. Old habits died hard. Often, she thought, they don't die until we do.

In the daytime, while he was gone, she now rarely turned on the television. It was easier to think that way. Easier to face the truth: he would do it again. He would hold as long as he could, but sooner or later Beadie would be in control again. He wouldn't send the next woman's ID to the police, thinking that it might be enough to fool her. Because, he would think, she's a part of it now.

Donnie called from Ohio. The business was going great. Petra called to say they had decided on most of the wedding things. Darcy's mother got sick, and it looked like she might have to go into the hospital, but then they started her on some new medication and she got well. The sun came up and the sun went down. Then the Christmas was coming. The first snow appeared, right on schedule.

In her house, Darcy moved through the rooms, stopping to look into the mirrors, asking the woman inside that other world what she should do.



Maybe she should do nothing.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN



On an unusually warm day two weeks before Christmas, Bob came home in the middle of the afternoon, shouting her name. Darcy was upstairs, reading a book. She dropped the book and ran down the stairs. Her first thought was that it was finally over. He had been found out. The police would soon be here. They would take him away, then come back to ask her the two questions: what did she know, and when did she know it?

But there was no fear in his voice. Instead, there was excitement.

"You'll never believe it! The most amazing luck! Really! If I ever needed a sign that I'm on the right track again - this is it!" He held out his hands. They were closed into fists. His eyes were shining. "Which hand? Pick."

She pointed to his right hand.

He laughed. "You read my mind... but you always could, couldn't you?"

He turned his fist over and opened it. On his palm lay a single coin, a penny, very rare. Not new, of course, but still in great shape. She took it to have a closer look.

"Bobby! Where did you get it? Did you buy it?" A coin like that had recently sold at an auction in Miami for over eight thousand dollars, setting a new record. This one was worth at least four.

"God, no! I got a sandwich at Subway, and a waitress brought it back with the change! Isn't it great, honey?"

"Yes," she said. "I'm happy for you." And she really was. The great accidental find was a collector's most joyful moment. "What are you going to do with it, Bobby?"

"Well, I'm going to photo it, hang the photo on the wall, then put the penny in our safe. It's not about the quality, anyway. It's about the finding. Not getting it from a dealer or picking it out of a catalogue, but actually finding one when you don't expect it."

"I know." She smiled. "If my dad was here right now, he'd be opening a bottle of champagne."



"I'll take care of that little detail at dinner tonight," he said.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN



They had not just one bottle of very expensive champagne but two, and Bob drank most of it. As a result, it was Darcy who was driving them home, and Bob was singing. He was drunk, she realized, actually drunk. It was the first time she had seen him that way in ten years. Usually, he was careful with drinking. But tonight, excited by his discovery of the rare penny, he had allowed himself much more, and she knew what she was going to do as soon as he ordered that second bottle of champagne.



In the restaurant, she wasn't sure she could actually do it, but listening to him sing on the way home, she knew. Of course, she could do it. She was the monster's wife now, and the monster's wife knew that what he thought of, as his good luck had really been her own.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN



Inside the house, he pulled her into his arms for a long kiss. She could taste champagne on his breath. It was not a bad taste, but she knew if things happened as they might, she would never want to taste it again. She let him kiss her, but then pushed him away and smiled.

"I'm going upstairs to get out of this dress," she said. "There's more champagne in the refrigerator. If you bring me a glass, you might get lucky, mister."

"Yes, ma'am."

Going up the stairs, she thought: This will never work. You'll only get yourself killed. He may not think he can do it, but I think he can.

She went into the bedroom, but only to leave her purse on the table. Then she went out again and called, "Are you coming, Bobby? I really need that champagne!"

"On my way, ma'am, just a moment!"

And here he came out of the living room and into the hall, holding one of their good crystal glasses before him. He continued to hold the glass as he walked up the stairs.

"One glass of champagne for the lady, coming right..."

She saw the knowledge in his eyes at the last second. It was more than surprise; it was shocked fury. In that moment, her understanding of him was complete. He loved nothing, nobody. Every kindness was just camouflage. He was a shell. There was nothing inside but emptiness.

She pushed him.

It was a hard push and he fell and rolled, and turned. Something broke. He screamed in pain and finally landed on the hall floor. His head was twisted.

Darcy hurried down the stairs. She saw a huge knob on his neck and said: "Don't move, Bob, I think your neck is broken."

He was still alive, and his eyes looked at her. Blood was coming from his nose and mouth. A lot of blood. "You pushed me," he whispered. "Oh, Darcy, why did you push me?"

"I don't know," she said slowly, thinking we both know why.

She began to cry. Crying came naturally; he was her husband, and he was badly hurt. "Oh God, I don't know. Something came over me. I'm sorry. Don't move, I'll call 911 and tell them to send an ambulance."

She went into the kitchen and looked at the phone. "Hello? Hello? Is this 911?" She spoke into the air. "This is Darcellen Anderson, I'm calling from 24 Sugar Mill Lane! Have you got that?"

She was still crying. Crying was good. She needed to cry, and not just because it would look better for her later on. He was her husband, he was hurt, and she needed to cry. He brought her roses every year on her birthday. He never forgot. They had built a life together, and now that life was over, and she needed to cry.

"I need an ambulance, my husband fell down the stairs. I think his neck might be broken!"

After some time, she walked back into the hall.

"I didn't fall," Bob said, more blood coming out of his mouth. "You pushed me. Why did you push me?"

"I guess for the Shaverstone boy," she said. She was crying harder than ever.

He must've seen something in her eyes, understood what she meant to do, and began screaming... but not for long.

When it was over, she went back to the kitchen phone, still crying, and dialed 911. "Hello, my name is Darcellen Anderson, and I need an ambulance at 24 Sugar Mill Lane."

"Are you hurt, Mrs. Anderson?"

"Not me, my husband. He fell down the stairs. I think he's dead."

The dispatcher said she would send an ambulance immediately.



Darcy put on her coat and went outside to wait for the ambulance.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



Darcy didn't know the policeman who took her statement, but she knew his wife Arlene through the knitting circle.

He talked to her in the kitchen while the emergency team examined Bob's body and then took it away, not knowing there was another corpse inside him. A person who had been much more dangerous than Robert Anderson.

At some point, the officer left his notebook open on the kitchen table for a moment. Darcy could see that so far he had written in it only her name, Bob's name, their address, and their telephone number. She took that as a good sign.

He came back and sat down. "Can you tell me what happened?"

She told him about Bob finding the rare penny in his change from Subway, and how excited he'd been. About their dinner, and how he'd drunk too much. How he'd come up the stairs holding the glass like a waiter. How he slipped.

The officer wrote something in his notebook, closed it, then looked at her. "Okay. I want you to come with me. Get your coat."

"What? Where?"

To jail, of course. Go directly to jail. Bob had got away with almost a dozen murders, and she hadn't even been able to get away with one. She didn't know where she made a mistake, but it would be something obvious. The officer would tell her on the way to the police station.

"Our house," he said. "You can stay with me and Arlene tonight."

She looked at him. "I don't... I can't..."

"You can," he said. "She'd kill me if I left you here by yourself."

She wiped tears from her face and smiled. "I have to make phone calls. My children... they don't know yet."

"I think you could call from our house."

"You're very kind."

"How long were you married, Mrs. Anderson?"

"Twenty-seven years," she said.

"Twenty-seven," he repeated. "God. I am so sorry."



"So am I," she said.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



Robert Emory Anderson was buried two days later.

Donnie and Petra came to attend the funeral. Darcy was pleased to see that there were quite a lot of people - the people who didn't know the secret.

Soon this would be over, she thought. Everything had gone so well, although unplanned.

There had been no questions. Her story was simple, believable, and almost true. The most important part was that they had had a good and happy marriage, and there had been no arguments. Really, what was there to question?

The minister invited the family to step forward. They did.

"Rest in peace, Dad," Donnie said, and threw some earth into the grave.

"Daddy, I miss you so much," Petra said, and threw her own handful of earth.



Darcy came last. She took up a handful in her black glove and let it fall. She said nothing, but thought: God, if You're there, let this be the end.





CHAPTER NINETEEN



It wasn't.

Seven weeks or so after the funeral the doorbell of the house on Sugar Mill Lane rang. When Darcy opened the door, she saw an elderly gentleman in a black coat. His face was wrinkled and his hair was gray.

"Yes?" she said.

He put his hand in his pocket and took out an ID. "Holt Ramsey," he said calmly. "State Attorney General's Office. I'm sorry to disturb you, Mrs. Anderson. May I come in?"

"Please," she said and let him in. He walked with a little limp.

Suddenly, she remembered: Bob sitting beside her on the bed. Bob saying: I've only been questioned one time, as a witness, about two weeks after BD killed the Moore woman. An old guy with a limp, semi-retired.

And here that old guy was, standing a few steps from where Bob had died. From where she had killed him. Holt Ramsey looked old, but his eyes were sharp.

Be careful, she told herself. Be so careful of this one, Darcellen. "How can I help you, Mr. Ramsey?"

"Well, I could use a cup of coffee, please. I'm awfully cold. I've got an old car, and the heater doesn't work..."

"Of course, but could I see your ID again?"

He gave her the ID, and she studied it.

"This stamp... does that mean you're retired?"

"Yes and no."

I think you're not, not at all.

"Let me take your coat."

"I think I'll wear it. Won't be staying that long."

Leading him into the kitchen, she asked him how old he was.

"Seventy-eight in May. If I make it. I always add that for good luck. It's worked so far. What a nice kitchen you have, Mrs. Anderson. My wife would've liked it. She died four years ago. It was a heart attack. How I miss her. The way you must miss your husband, I imagine."

His eyes searched her face.

He knows. I don't know how, but he does.

She turned on the coffee machine and asked, "How may I help you today, Mr. Ramsey? Or is it Detective Ramsey?"

He laughed. "Oh, you can call me Holt. And it was really your husband I wanted to talk to, you know, but of course he's passed away, and so that's out of the question. But I tell you what: an old man like me sometimes gets bored with just the TV for company, and so I thought I'd drive here and ask a few little questions. She won't be able to answer many of them, I said to myself, maybe not any of them, but why not go anyway?"

"The coffee will be ready in a minute," she said. She was afraid of this old man. "Perhaps now you can tell me what you wanted to talk about with my husband."

"Well, you won't believe this, Mrs. Anderson..."

"Call me Darcy, please." She gave Ramsey a cup of coffee and looked at him. Suddenly, it was like being married again - a long marriage, in many ways a good marriage. She knew that he knew, and he knew that she knew that he knew. The only real question here was what he was going to do about what he knew. What could he do? "What did you want to ask my husband, Holt?"

"Well, I already talked to him once, but I'm not sure he'd remember if he was still alive. A long time ago that was."

She gave him a smile.

"You probably know about the Beadie murders," he said. "The man who kills women and then sends their ID to the police?"

"Right. I happened to work on the case a little. I wasn't retired then. They sent me to work on my own, you know, because I've always had a nose for this kind of work, Darcy, and never really lost it. This was in the fall of 1997, not too long after a woman named Stacey Moore was killed."

"I'm sorry, I don't remember," Darcy said.

"Anyway, I talked to her friends, her relatives, her neighbors, and the people she worked with. I was interested in her regular customers. Her regular male customers."

"Of course you were," she agreed.

"One of them was a presentable man in his forties. He came in every three or four weeks. This man was your late husband..."

"Did she flirt with him? Is that what you wanted to say? She wouldn't be the first waitress to flirt with a man on the road, even if the man had a wedding ring on his finger."

"No, not exactly. According to what they told me - it was him who flirted with her. And she didn't like it much. She said the guy was strange."

"That doesn't sound like my husband."

"No, but a wife doesn't always know what a husband does on the road, although she may think she does. Anyway, one of the waitresses told me that this man drove a certain Toyota. She knew because she had one just like it. And you know what? Some of the Moore woman's neighbors had seen a Toyota like that in the area just days before the woman was murdered."

"But not on the day?"

"No, but of course a man as careful as this Beadie wouldn't do a thing like that, right?"

"I suppose."

"Well, I had a description and I searched the area around the restaurant. Then I happened to stop at a coins place in town, and the owner there recognized the description. I was able to confirm a Toyota at or near the scene of two of the earlier murders - what we call Beadie's old cycle. But after the Moore murder - and after I talked to him - your husband got himself a Suburban. That was in 2004, not long before Andrea Honeycutt was murdered. A Suburban of that kind was seen quite often in Mrs. Honeycutt's neighborhood during the month or so before she was murdered. But here's the funny thing: I found one witness who said that Suburban had a Vermont license plate, and another said that it had a New York license plate."

"Bob's had Maine plates," Darcy said. "As you probably know."

"Of course, but plates can be stolen, you know."

"What about the Shaverstone murders, Holt? Was a Suburban seen in that neighborhood, too?"

"I see that you know about the Beadie case a little more than most people do. But the answer is no," Ramsey paused, "although a Suburban was seen near the place where the bodies were found." He smiled, and his cold eyes studied her.

She sighed.

"This Beadie sent us notes with his victims' IDs. Perhaps a part of him wanted to be caught."

"Perhaps," Darcy said, although she doubted it.

"The notes were written in block letters. People who do that think that such writing can't be identified, but it can. Do you have any of your husband's files?"

"I don't, but I'm sure the firm has samples. Accountants never throw anything away."

He sighed. "Well, they'll ask for a court order, and to get one I'd have to show probable cause, which I don't have. All I've got is a number of coincidences. So I came to you, Darcy." She said nothing.

He leaned forward. "Darcy, was your husband Beadie?" She looked at him.

"For a long time you never knew, did you?"

She said nothing. Only looked at him, looked into him, the way you looked into people you knew well.

"And then you did? One day you did? I imagine that a woman who found out what her husband really was would be in a difficult situation," Ramsey said.

"Yes, I imagine she would be," Darcy said.

"Who'd believe she could live with a man all those years and never know what he was?"

There were tears in her eyes now.

"And your kids. They'd suffer when the world found out that their father was a serial killer of women and that their mother had been covering up for him. Maybe even helping him... But ask yourself this: what would a woman in a difficult situation like that do?"

"What would you do, Holt?"

"I don't know."

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I am so, so sorry."

He took her hand. "I didn't mean to upset you. But I saw it all. I saw it as soon as you opened the door." He paused. "I saw everything."

"And what do you see now?"

He got up. "I see a brave woman who should be left alone. Thanks for the coffee. You make a good cup."

"Thank you for coming to visit," Darcy said, walking him to the door. "Will I see you again?"

"No. I'm done. Full retirement now. I'm going to Florida. But I won't be there long, according to my doctor."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

He suddenly held her in his arms and whispered in her ear, "You did the right thing."



And kissed her cheek.





CHAPTER TWENTY



He walked slowly and carefully down the path. An old man's walk. Darcy called his name, and he turned back.

"When my husband was a boy, he had a friend who was killed in an accident."

"Really?"

"Yes," Darcy said. "You could check what happened. It was very tragic, although he wasn't a very nice boy, according to my husband."

"No?"

"No. He was a boy with dangerous fantasies. His name was Brian Delahanty, but when they were kids, Bob called him BD."

Ramsey stood by his car for several seconds, thinking. Then he nodded. "That's very interesting. I might look at the stories about it on my computer. Or maybe not; it was all a long time ago. Thank you for the coffee."

"Thank you for the conversation."

She stood watching him drive down the street until he was gone.





- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!





