CHAPTER ONE



Your Skin and Hair



You have skin everywhere on your body. Your skin helps you to touch things. It helps you to know when things are hot or cold. Skin stops dirt getting into your body. It stops water getting into your body when it's rainy and when you swim.

Hair grows out of your skin. Hair on your arms and legs stands up when you're cold. This stops your body getting too cold. Your skin makes sweat when you're hot. This stops your body getting too hot.

Protect your body! Wash every day, so you can get dirt and sweat off your skin and hair.





CHAPTER TWO



Your Bones



There are bones under your skin. These bones make your skeleton. Your skeleton helps you to stand up.

There are joints in your skeleton, too. Bones meet at joints. Elbows and knees are joints. Joints help you to move. Knee joints help you to jump and kick.

A baby has small bones. Bones grow and they make you big and tall.

Your bones stop growing when you are about 20 years old. Then there are 206 bones in your body!

Protect your bones! When you ride a skateboard, wear pads to protect your bones and joints. Wear a helmet to protect your head, too.





CHAPTER THREE



Your Muscles



What helps your bones and joints to walk, run, dance, and jump? Muscles! Muscles pull your bones to move your body. Muscles in your legs help you to ride a bicycle. Muscles in your arms help you to row a boat.

There are more than 600 muscles in your body!

Running, swimming, dancing, and riding a bicycle are types of exercise. Exercise makes your muscles, bones, and joints strong. Your heart is a type of muscle. Exercise makes your heart strong, too.



Protect your body! Do exercise every day. What is your favorite type of exercise?





CHAPTER FOUR



Your Eyes and Ears



Your eyes help you to see the world around you. They open and close many times every day. This is called blinking. When your eyes blink, they wash dirt out of your eyes.

At night, your eyes close so you can sleep.

Your ears help you to listen to music. They help you to listen for cars in the street. Your ears can hear things when you sleep, too!

Protect your eyes and ears! On sunny days, wear sunglasses to protect your eyes. Don't listen to very loud music - it's bad for your ears.





CHAPTER FIVE



Your Nose and Mouth



You breathe through your nose and mouth. Your nose and mouth take air into your body. You breathe about 15 times every minute.

After exercise, people breathe fast. They can breathe 40 times every minute!

Your nose helps you to smell things. Your mouth helps you to talk and eat. Your teeth bite food so you can eat it. Your body uses food to live and grow.

Protect your teeth! Brush your teeth after breakfast and after dinner, and don't eat lots of candy.





CHAPTER SIX



Your Brain



Do you know how you read these words? Your brain tells you what your eyes see! Your brain tells you what you see, hear, and touch. It tells your muscles when to move. It helps you to write, speak, draw, and do puzzles. Your brain is amazing!

Your brain works all day and at night when you sleep! At night, it makes you breathe and it makes your heart work. At night, your brain helps you to remember things that you learn in the day.

Protect your brain! Wear a helmet when you ride a bicycle.





CHAPTER SEVEN



Getting Sick



Do you get sick? Germs are things that can make you sick. Germs can get in your body when you breathe and when you eat. Germs can get in your mouth from your fingers, too. Some germs get in your body when you get a cut in your skin.

Wash your hands with soap and water to get germs off your fingers. Wash your hands when it's time to eat, after you go to the toilet, after you touch animals, and after you play outside.

Stop germs! There are germs in a sneeze. Catch sneezes in a tissue. Then throw the tissue in a wastebasket.





CHAPTER EIGHT



Protect Your Body



Eat food that's good for you. Good food helps your bones to grow. It makes you strong, and it stops you getting sick.

There's lots of water in your body. You lose water when you go to the toilet and when your body makes sweat. Drink water every day to protect your body.

Go to the doctor when you get sick, and go to the dentist every year. Do exercise every day. It's good to do exercise and it makes you happy. It's good to sleep when you arc tired, too.

It's important to protect your body.





- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!





